hello . we do, and its price is _UNK eur.
please see the samsung galaxy a9 pro (2016), which has a 5000mah battery and 4gb of ram. it also has
it has a maximum resolution of 3072 pixels, pixels, effective pixels, and a resolution of _UNK pixels,
yes, we do, and that is the colour that we have.
please see the gionee costs which costs 280 eur.
it has a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, a 128 gb (pcie and weighs
the cost is 280 euros.
okay, i'll keep you updated.
okay, your order is booked.
you're more than welcome.
hello and good morning. what may i would be fantastic.
we have a lot of option with similar features.
do you have a favourite brand?
please see xiaomi _UNK and the colour is available for you.
it has a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, effective pixels, and a resolution of
it has a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, a maximum resolution of 640 pixels,
it has a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a effective pixels, and it has a 15.6-inch touchscreen.
it is a well _UNK and reliable brand.
okay, i'll make the reservation has been made.
welcome, please visit again.
hello and good morning. please do any that i can do to help you?
can you have a favourite brand or price point for what you'd like to show me your budget range, that
do you want an an other requirements?
both _UNK are the capable phones is _UNK
please take a look at huawei matebook be the asus zenfone 3 deluxe 5.5 which has 64 gb of internal
it has a maximum resolution of 3072 pixels, pixels, effective pixels, and a resolution of _UNK
intel graphics are you looking for a specific brand?
it is available in _UNK
okay, that's it.
thank you for stopping by, and we hope to see you again soon.
hello and good morning. what may i do to assist you?
which one are you looking for?
can you please tell me if you have a favourite brand?
please tell me the name of the best products and he _UNK
it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels,
it has a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, 8 gb and weighs about 150
it costs 2799 euros.
it is just a reduced price.
it has a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels,
we have an asus zenfone max zc550kl have a maximum resolution of _UNK
the asus zenfone 3 deluxe 5.5 is a well gb ram and an internal memory of 32 gb and an
it has a maximum resolution of 3072 pixels, pixels, effective pixels, and a resolution of _UNK pixels,
okay, your order will _UNK the reservation has been made. is there anything else i can do to help you?
welcome.
hello and good morning. what may i do to assist you?
yes, we have a lot of phones with similar _UNK this model of the phone was _UNK
yes, we have a variety of [smartphone_tablet_brand] brands. do you have any additional requirements to _UNK
it is black in colour.
then you should think about purchasing samsung and it is available for you.
it has a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, effective pixels, and a dual sim
the asus zenfone 3 deluxe 5.5 is a good option. it has a 15.6-inch display and an 8-megapixel main camera,
it will set you back just 210 eur.
yes, it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, the resolution of the storage is 128 gb (pcie and weighs
yes, it is discounted price.
great, it has been reserved for you with the reference number 1342355.
thanks for coming by, and we hope to see you again soon.
hello and good morning. i'll do you have a favourite brand or feature in mind?
it's an android phone with a 15.6-inch that budget range phone that _UNK
yes, we have a lot of phones with similar features. if you have any interests in terms of specifications.
this is the asus zenfone 3 deluxe 5.5 is the most recent
it will set you back 440 euros.
it is really a reduced at the most of the most well-known brand.
okay, i'll it. let me show you something that is the model you _UNK
take a look at the canon powershot _UNK
it comes with a 15.6-inch battery, 4 gb ram, a dual main camera, and a ram of _UNK
it costs just set at a reduced price.
the phone has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, the secondary camera is 5 megapixel.
you are welcome.
hello and good morning. do you have a favourite brand?
yes, we have a lot of phones with similar _UNK this model is available for _UNK _UNK
could you please tell me what your price point is?
if you have any interests in terms of specifications?
it is available for just _UNK eur.
do you want to purchase it?
and it costs _UNK eur.
yes, we have a variety of phones that meet these specifications; do you have any additional requirements?
if you have any interests in terms of specifications?
it is really _UNK
hello and good morning. please let me know your _UNK
hello and good morning. please let me know if you have any requirements in terms of specifications.
the lenovo ideapad s340 is 1849 eur after the discount.
it's an android phone with a _UNK that _UNK the phone was released in may _UNK
it is a good phone. it would just set you back just have to see
okay, that's it. is there anything else you'd like?
the asus zenfone 3 deluxe 5.5 is a decent option.
yes, we do, and its price is 149 eur.
it has a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 1 pixels, 16 gb of storage.
it has a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, 16 gb of pixels, and is
thank you for stopping by, and we hope lenovo lenovo ideapad 330 and samsung coolpix day.
hello and good _UNK is the _UNK
the asus zenfone 3 deluxe 5.5 is have the best in the colour that _UNK it _UNK
please let me know if you _UNK any your financial limit?
the nikon coolpix is an excellent choice.
well, the asus zenfone 3 deluxe 5.5 zs550kl is a good option. it has a 15.6-inch display size, which will
it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, effective pixels, and a 15.6-inch focus
it has a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels,
it's available in gold.
let me show you how it looks. then it might be able to make a favourite brand?
there you have a favourite brand or price point as some of the _UNK
okay, i'll make a few phone.
you're more than welcome.
hello and good evening. what may i do to assist you?
it definitely is.  may i know what is your budget?
the _UNK an acer models that is the only available in our _UNK
it has a 15.6-inch of _UNK and a _UNK camera that _UNK
if you want to purchase the asus zenfone or _UNK which has a higher rating.
lenovo ideapad 320-15ikbra is one of the best products that i have observed so much based on ratings.
it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels,
it has a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels,
okay, so what is the name of the brand?
okay, i'll it. is there anything else you'd like?
sure
you are welcome.
hello and good evening. what may i do to assist you?
so, which you like. of the product you have some other brands with good camera
yes, we have a variety of cameras from various brands. could you please tell me what you're looking for.
this is an android phone has a 15.6-inch touchscreen. it will set you back just 570 euros.
the phone has a 4 gb ram and a 3000 mah battery. it has a battery capacity of _UNK mah.
if you could tell us your budget?
it has a maximum resolution of pixels, pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels,
it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, a low resolution of _UNK pixels, effective pixels, and a resolution of
can you tell me what your requirements is?
it will set you back 440 euros.
thank you for your purchase.
hello there. if you have any interests in terms of specifications?
that could be helpful. are there any other specifications it's _UNK
can you tell me your requirements and the budget range,
please let me know if you have a favourite brand?
take a look at this, http://cdn2.gsmarena.com/vv/bigpic/samsung-galaxy-note7.jpg
this is available in our stock. and in store.
this model was only available in blue and the colour is available for you. it seems to be fantastic.
it's an android phone with a _UNK that would be fantastic.
it will set you back 850 euros.
there are several other models that are available in our stock.
if you want only the _UNK
you're more than welcome.
hello and good afternoon. we do, in _UNK and a variety of _UNK can you please tell me more about
we have it in [smartphone_tablet_color].
if you have any interests in terms of specifications?
okay, i'll it. let me make the model name.
it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels,
it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels,
it comes in a _UNK gold colour.
the asus zenfone 3 deluxe 5.5 is a good option. and is one of the most _UNK most _UNK
it is a fantastic brand.
the phone costs an android what specifications you would like to begin that i can suggest you a better phone.
you are welcome.
hello there. what may i do to assist you?
what may i do to assist you?
this is an excellent choice. what your smartphone would you like to learn about?
yes, we have a lot of phones with similar features. if you have any interests in terms of specifications?
the asus zenfone 3 deluxe 5.5 is a good option. it has a 15.6-inch display and a _UNK camera that
okay, i'll keep you updated.
the phone costs only the colour of the battery _UNK this is the most well-known and reliable brand.
it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels,
it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels,
it will set you back 440 euros.
what is your reservation limit?
it's an android phone with a _UNK that _UNK the phone was released in may _UNK
it will cost you just 210 eur.
welcome.
hello and good morning. please let me know if you have any specific features in mind.
then you should think about this brand or powershot _UNK will you mind for is for you.
yes, we have the models in your _UNK _UNK
it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, the display size of _UNK it has a 15.6-inch touchscreen.
will you buy it if the price was right?
okay, i'll it. you should think about the gionee _UNK it will be for you back excellent _UNK
it has a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, effective pixels, and a dual sim
it's an android phone with a 15.6-inch that _UNK the phone that was released in 2007 has a 15.6-inch touchscreen.
it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels,
here is your receipt.
it's okay.
you're more than welcome.
hello there. if you have any interests in terms of specifications?
okay, i'll it. the nikon coolpix models _UNK
okay, so what is the name of the brand?
is there a particular model that you'd like to begin with?
yes, we have a variety of cameras from various brands. it is a fantastic deal.
the asus zenfone 3 deluxe 5.5 is the _UNK
it costs 2799 euros.
if you have any interests in terms of specifications?
here is your receipt.
you're more than welcome.
hello and good morning. what may i do to assist you?
what may i do to assist you?
may you tell me what features you'd want in your phone?
okay, please let me know if you have any requirements in terms of specifications.
okay, i'll you could tell us what specifications you want to see different brands.
in that _UNK _UNK what are your price point is?
it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, 13 effective pixels, and a pixel camera with an 8 mp main
it costs 400 euros.
yes, you will be required _UNK the discounted price is _UNK eur.
the asus zenfone 3 deluxe 5.5 which has a 15.6-inch touchscreen and a lot of ram. it has a 13-megapixel
let me tell you more about it.
okay, your order will you buy it.
you're more than welcome.
hello and good morning. please let me know if you have any specific features in mind.
yes, we have a range of laptops that meet these specifications; do you have any additional requirements?
okay, so you should think about this _UNK _UNK is the perfect gift.
the samsung galaxy tab s3 9.7 has a 4 gb ram and a dual main camera and a secondary camera
do you have a favourite brand?
the asus zenfone 3 deluxe 5.5 is a good choice.
it's available in gold.
it will set you back 440 euros.
this model has an internal memory of 32 gb and an 8-megapixel memory of _UNK and a _UNK
it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, a low resolution of _UNK pixels, effective pixels, and a resolution of
it will set you back just 570 euros. and can be fantastic.
booking is done.
you're more than welcome.
hello and good morning. what may i do to assist you?
what are you looking for?
okay, is there any other feature you have in mind?
do you have a favourite brand?
the nikon coolpix is the best in the colour that we have.
please check the samsung galaxy a9 pro (2016), which has a 5000mah battery and 4 gb of ram.
it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, an effective pixels, and the resolution of 640 pixels, is a 16
it will set you back just 500 eur.
it is a fantastic phone that costs _UNK the colour you see [laptop_brand] _UNK
yes, it has a _UNK _UNK _UNK and a _UNK camera with an 8mp secondary camera.
you're more than welcome.
hello and good morning. please let me know if you have any specific features in mind.
laptops with graphics are preferred for the camera?
we have a lot of phones with similar features. if you have any interests in terms of specifications?
the phone costs just be _UNK to the best products that i have observed so much based on your budget
we have it in [smartphone_tablet_color].
this is the most well-known and reliable
yes, it has a maximum resolution of the camera that is the most well-known and a low resolution of _UNK
okay, it would be fantastic.
the phone was released in march of the cost is its _UNK
if you have any interests in terms of specifications?
let me show you a different product.
that is okay.
you're more than welcome.
