hello . we do have smartphones for selling.
please see the samsung galaxy j7 max in [smartphone_tablet_color] with 4 gb ram.
it comes with a 3300mah battery, 4 gb ram, and 13 secondary cameras.
we do, but do you have a price point in mind?
please see the gionee a1, which costs 280 eur.
it comes with a 4010 mah battery, 4 gb ram, a 13-megapixel main camera, and a 16-megapixel secondary camera.
the cost is 280 euros.
so, can i make a booking?
your samsung galaxy j7 max has been booked.
welcome, please visit again.
hello and good morning. yes, we have a large camera range.
there are several options available to us. please include a few more info.
do you have a budget in mind?
please see agfa ephoto 1280, which has a focus range of 70 normal.
it has a maximum resolution of 1024 pixels, 38 wide zoom, and 114 tele zoom.
it has a storage capacity of 4 gb.
it's worth 179 euros.
it is a well regarded and reliable item.
okay, that's it. the reservation has been made. is there anything else i can do to help you?
welcome, please visit again.
hello and good morning. please let me know if you have any specific features in mind.
can you have a preferred brand or price range?
do you want an intel core i3 or intel core i5 processor?
both processors are capable. the intel i5 chip is a high-performance processor.
please take a look at the i5 lenovo ideapad s340, which has a 14-inch touchscreen.
it is equipped with an intel core i5-8265u cpu, intel gma hd graphics, and a 1tb hard drive.
intel graphics are well-known and have a once-in-a-lifetime experience.
it is 2099 eur before the discount, but it is 1849 eur after the discount.
okay, sure. it's no matter. is there anything else i can do to help you?
you are welcome.
hello and good morning. what may i do to assist you?
which one are you most interested in seeing first?
whose specifications are you looking for?
please take a look at the asus vivobook 14 x412ub.
the cpu is an intel core i5-8250u, and the graphics are nvidia geforce mx110 (2 gb).
it has a 1tb hard drive.
it is worth 2799 eur.
yes, it would cost 2299 eur after the discount.
it is the most trustworthy and well-known brand. a 14-inch display adds to its uniqueness and beauty.
do you have a budget in mind?
the lenovo ideapad 330s-14ikb is available for 1849 eur after a discount.
it is equipped with an intel core i5-8250u cpu, intel uhd graphics 620 graphics, and a 1tb hard drive.
booking is made. your booking id is 6876**vhj.
welcome, please visit again.
hello. can you tell me which brand or type of phone you are looking for?
yes, we have a lot of phones with similar specs; do you have any other requirements?
yes, i have [smartphone_tablet_brand]l s6 pro, which is a dual-sim 4g phone.
it comes in the colour rose gold.
then the gionee model s6 pro, which comes in rose gold, is the phone for you. it is appropriate for your needs.
it has dual sim slots and 4 gb of ram. it also has a big display.
it's a 4g dual-sim handset. despite the fact that the phone was launched in 2016, it remains one of gionee's best-selling models.
it costs around 390 eur.
yes, it has a main camera with 13 megapixels and a secondary camera with 8 megapixels.
yes, it is discounted price.
great, it has been booked for you with ref no 121578.
you are most welcome, thanks for buying from us.
good morning. i've come to help. only tell me what you're looking for and i'll do my best to accommodate you.
hundreds of cameras are at your disposal to help you with this endeavour. could you go through some of the specifications in greater detail?
take a look at what you're seeing here. the canon eos-1d mark ii is a standard camera that has a high resolution of 3504 pixels and a minimum resolution of 3104.
they have a pixel size of 8 pixels that is effective. have you thought of something else?
is there a price point in mind for you?
it is just 4499 eur.
that's right. what characteristics are you seeking?
take a look at what you're seeing here. oppo's 'r9s plus' model comes with a 4g dual-sim card slot and 64 gb of internal memory.
this phone is rated 'a' and comes in a common black colour.
it would just set you back 570 eur.
the billing process is now final. is there anything else i can do to help you?
you are welcome.
hello and good day!
sure. i'll do everything i can to meet your expectations. please let me know what you're looking for or what you'd like to see.
yes, that's fine. is there anything else about the phone that you'd like to see?
could you tell me if you have a favorite brand?
if a good camera is your primary requirement, you might consider purchasing one.
i'm just curious if you're certain.
do you want to examine any tablet?
and do you have a cell phone? 
you have a phone as well as a tablet. what you really need, in my opinion, is a good camera, which will be used exclusively for photography.it may be the best option for you.
so, what have you planned now?
welcome and please visit again.
hello and good morning.
yes, please let me know how i can assist you.
i was also curious whether you had misplaced it or if you wished to purchase one.
so, do you have a particular brand preference right now?
are you hunting for a certain color?
you must provide me with some sort of detail in order for me to assist you.
yes, it might be beneficial.
luminous chrome is the name of the product. sony's xperia xz premium edition.
are you interested in learning more about the product? 
it has a 3230 mah battery and a fast 4 gb ram.
it has a main camera with a resolution of 19 megapixels and a secondary camera with a resolution of 13 megapixels.
it has a storage capacity of up to 64 gb. it will set you back 750 euros.
hello and good afternoon.
yes, from which brand would you like to begin your explore?
if you have any basic requirements in mind right now?
i'd like to know how much you're willing to spend.
if you have a specific model in mind right now?
well, the gionee f5 might be a nice choice for you. "
it has a powerful 4000 mah battery and a fast 4 gb ram.
it has a 13-megapixel main camera and an 8-megapixel secondary camera.it will set you back 250 euros.
it's available in gold.
let me demonstrate how it appears. than it may be able to assist you in making your decision.
there you have it: http://cdn2.gsmarena.com/vv/bigpic/gionee-f5.jpg.
that's fantastic news.
welcome and please vist again.
hello. 
sure, please let me know if you have any preference?
it definitely is. 
may i know what is your budget?
that is okay. 
may i know if there is any specific model already in your mind?
it has 15.6 inch display screen somewhat more than usual laptops and that is the only good feature it has. 
if you want only lenovo laptops, than i can suggest you some better products as well. 
lenovo ideapad 320-15ikbra is one of the best products that i have observed so much based on ratings. 
it has been rated 4.2 out of 5 stars which is a great review. 
it also has 15.6 inch display, i5 processor and amd radeon 530 (2 gb) graphics. 
it also has 1tb hdd disk space. 
okay, i can show you some other models having better ssd. 
every model has their unique features. 
all i can suggest is that it is a good laptop and you can buy it. 
sure
you are welcome. 
hello and good morning.
sure, will you tell me what the problem is?
so, which model are you talking about?
i'd appreciate it if you could show it to me. i'm curious to see if i can figure out which model it is.
this is an image of the samsung galaxy note7 (usa), which was launched in august of 2016.
this is blue coral, and it really enhances the model's appearance.
if i tell you about the features, you'll be able to make a smarter decision.
it has a 3500 mah battery and a fast 4 gb ram.it has a main camera with a resolution of 12 megapixels and a secondary camera with a resolution of 5 megapixels.
it has a display screen of 515 cm and 64 gb of internal memory.
it also only weights about 170 g, making it very compact.
are you ready to purchase it right now?
you will be charged 760 eur.
okay, your booking id is 776##oio. welcome and please visit again.
hello there. if you know the model's name?
that could be helpful. are there any aspects of the product that you are aware of?
can you show me an image to use as a reference?
please let me know if i come across something related.
take a look at this, please. http://cdn2.gsmarena.com/vv/bigpic/samsung-galaxy-note7.jpg
this is also available in our collection and in store.
this model was only available in blue coral, and it is one of the most attractive phones on the market.
you can experiment with various colors from time to time, and it is really an awesome phone.
it will set you back 850 euros.
there are several other models that are similar to this one, and they are available in a variety of price ranges. any of them are also available at a reduced cost.
if you are interested, then i would like to show you the models. you might like them. 
you are welcome. 
hello there. we do, in reality. could you tell me which brand you prefer?
do you have a choice for anything else?
if there is something else you need as a function, please let us know.
the lava z25 is the ideal phone for you. it has a battery capacity of 3020 mah and 4 gb of ram. it also has a 13-megapixel main camera and an 8-megapixel secondary camera.
it has a dual-sim slot, as well as a built-in radio and gps system it weighs about 170g and is, of course, very compact.
it has an internal memory of 32 gb.
it comes in champagne gold, which has a royal and elegant appearance.
if you'd like to take a look at the graphic, i have it available for you.
would you like to explore any other model that we have available in [smartphone_tablet_color] colour. 
the phone costs 250 eur only. it's the best phone. 
you are welcome
hello there. yes, of course, i'd be delighted to assist you.
can you tell me what electronic gadget you're looking for?
i have a wide variety of smartphones, tablets, computers, and cameras on hand.
so, do you want to purchase a gaming laptop, smartphone, or tablet?
yes, for gaming, laptops with decent graphics are favoured.
may you tell me what your budget is?
i'll do my utmost to get the best deal possible within this budget. please let me know which brand you want.
the [laptop_brand] 14-bp101nx is an excellent choice. it is ranked 5 out of 5 stars and has a lot of great features.
it has a 14-inch screen and an intel core i5 cpu. it has a 1tb hdd disc space and an amd radeon 530 (2 gb) graphics card.
we simply hope that you are fully delighted with your order.
the price is 2519 eur. you will be able to save more.
do you have a preferred phone?
it's a fantastic choice.
it will cost you 250 eur. 
you are welcome
hello . please explain why you are concerned. i'd be happy to help you with it.
i'd like to know which brand and model it belongs to.
i'd like to know the model's name.
might i inquire as to whether you are aware of any smartphone features?
will it be possible for you to assist us with the colour name?
panasonic eluga ray max in the colour you want is available. take a peek at http://cdn2.gsmarena.com/vv/bigpic/panasonic-eluga-ray-max.jpg for more details.
it has a 3000 mah battery and 4 gb ram, as well as a 16-megapixel main camera and an 8-megapixel secondary camera.
it is just 165 g in weight. it's a fairly light item. it also has 32 gb of internal capacity.
it will cost you 170 eur. 
here is your receipt. 
it's okay. 
you are welcome. 
hello. i have a wide variety of items at my disposal. please let me know which style or brand you want.
okay, that's it. this company also has a variety of styles. if you have a specific model in mind, please let us know.
i'd like to see how much the budget is.
is there a particular model that you'd like to begin with?
i have canon powershot s70 and s80 cameras, both of which may be excellent choices. 
the s80 has a higher pixel count and resolution than the s70.
and, of course. the resolution of the s70 is 3072x2592, and the s80 is 3264x2592. s80 already has 8 pixels.
both of these cameras have the same price
that is solely upon your choice whichever you would like to choose. but s80 is available with better resolution and pixels. 
it costs 399 euros.
here is your receipt. 
you are welcome. 
hello and good afternoon. please let me know if i can be of assistance to you.
and, of course. please let me know which style or brand you want.
may you tell me what features you're looking for?
i'd like to know which brand you like.
may you tell me what your budget is?
in that scenario, the hp pavilion 15-cs0006nx could be a viable option. it has an intel core i7 processor and a 15.6-inch display. it also uses an nvidia geforce mx150 (4 gb) graphics card. it's the best you'll find.
it has a 128 gb m.2 ssd/1tb hdd for storage.
it will cost you at least 3799 eur.
you would only have to pay 2979 eur at a reduced rate.
it has been rated 3.9 out of 5 stars. 
let me tell you more about it. 
okay. if you are sure. here is your receipt
you are welcome. 
 hello. sure, i'm here to assist. do you have a favourite brand?
yes, really. what functions do you like in your phone?
i see what you're doing. is there anything else in your phone that you'd like to have?
the camera on vivo smartphones is well-known.
do you have a specific budget in mind?
the vivo x7 plus is an excellent handset. it has 16 megapixel cameras on both the main and secondary lenses.
it's in gold, and it's really elegant.
it will set you back 180 euros.
ok, the commodity is cost-effective. it has the most advanced camera.
it has a large 4000 mah battery and 4 gb of ram.
and, of course. please allow me a few moments to confirm your reservation.
booking is done.
you're more than welcome.
 hello. and, of course. i will be delighted to make a recommendation. what exactly is it?
what is the name of the brand?
okay, that's it. do you have any additional features in mind?
what is your financial plan?
samsung smartphones are available for review.
please consider the samsung galaxy a9 pro (2016), which features a large 5000mah battery and a fast 4 gb ram.
it has a main camera with a resolution of 16 megapixels and a secondary camera with a resolution of 8 megapixels. it weighs about 150 g and has 32 gb of internal memory.
it will set you back 500 euros.
will you buy it if the price was right?
you have the option of paying with a credit card or cash.
you're more than welcome.
 hello. sure, i'm here to assist. what characteristics do you seek in a laptop?
laptops with graphics cards will assist you in this endeavour.
we'll send you the laptop with the most ram we have available.
do you have a favourite brand?
we currently have hp 15-da0035nx in store. it's an excellent commodity.
it has a 15.6-inch touch screen and an i7 cpu. it also includes a graphics card from intel, the uhd graphics 620.
yes, we can only provide you with the best.
you can see that the concept has a 3 out of 5 star rating. this one has received nothing but positive feedback.
the hard drive has a capacity of 1tb. i hope it turns out well for you.
only an hdd is included with this product.
let me show you a different product.
that is okay. 
you are welcome. 
 good morning. and, of course. i am delighted to assist you. what may i do to assist you?
what are you talking about?
please tell me the name of the company and the model number.
okay, that's it. the phone was released in march of this year. it has a 4000mah battery and 4gb of ram. the main camera has a resolution of 16 megapixels, and there are two secondary cameras.
it's an android phone with dual sim slots and an integrated gps. it weighs 185 g and has 64 gb of internal memory.
it has a lot of great features.
pink is the colour of this item.
rather than get it for yourself, get it for your niece. she'll adore it.
if you are concerned about the price, it will cost you 480 eur.
and, of course. that's fine.
that is what i would do.
you're more than welcome.
 hello. and, of course. i am delighted to assist you. what exactly is it?
what may i do to assist you with this?
and, of course. what kind of brand are you looking for?
i'll give it my everything. you will find the lava z 25 with fast 4 gb ram and a 3020 mah battery to be a decent buy.
it has a main camera with a resolution of 13 megapixels and a secondary camera with a resolution of 8 megapixels. it has a built-in radio and two sim card slots.
it weighs only 163 grammes and has 32 gb of internal storage.
it would just set you back 250 euros.
it's a one-of-a-kind shade of gold.
and, of course. booking is complete.
you're more than welcome.
good day! might i inquire as to your preferred brand or model, as well as any specific feature requirements?
yes, i have it on hand in my inventory. could you tell me what you'd like to do about it?
it costs 720 euros.
it has excellent features such as a 3500 mah battery, 4 gb ram, and a beautiful camera with 21 p-cameras and 5 s-cameras.
if you could tell us your budget range, that would be fantastic.
all right. xiaomi redmi pro might be a good fit for you.
it comes with a 4050 mah battery, 4 gb of ram, and dual p-camera.
eur 210
i'll make a reservation. thank you for your purchase. is there anything else i can do to help you?
thank you very much.
hello and good afternoon. we do, after all, have smartphones. may you tell me what features you're looking for?
i see what you're doing. do you have a budget in mind?
do you have a favourite brand?
i'd like you to take a look at samsung mobile. it is well-known for its excellent image efficiency.
customers these days choose samsung's galaxy a9 pro (2016), which has a 5000mah battery and 4 gb ram.
it has a main camera with a resolution of 16 megapixels and a secondary camera with a resolution of 8 megapixels. it also comes with a built-in gps and is available in white.
it weighs 210 g and has a 32 gb maximum storage space.
you will be required to pay 500 euros.
the result would be well worth the investment.
and, of course. booking is complete. is there anything else i can do to help you?
you are welcome. 
hello there. please let me know if i can be of assistance to you.
which items would you like to purchase?
and, of course. what is the name of the brand?
okay, that's it. do you want to learn more about the features?
it's a good option. it will set you back 180 euros.
i will even assist you in purchasing it. if you have any interests in terms of specifications?
i see what you're doing. if you have any financial constraints?
the xiaomi mi max 2 has all a gamer wants, including a 5300 mah battery and fast 4 gb ram.
the main camera has a resolution of 12 megapixels, while the secondary camera has a resolution of 5 megapixels. it comes with a built-in gps and a dual-sim slot.
it comes in a gold colour and can store up to 64 gb of data. it is 211 g in weight.
it has a price tag of 280 eur. it's a fantastic deal.
okay. here is your booking id- 56705024. 
you are welcome. 
hello, may i ask what brand, style, or features you prefer?
you should look into the gionee m2017. it is black in colour.
yes, it is one of the most dependable brands, and it is in high demand these days.
it has 6 gb of ram, a 7000 mah battery, and will set you back 1150 eur.
it has a dual main camera and eight secondary cameras, as well as a 515 monitor. in black, it looks fantastic.
all right. may you tell me what your price point is?
the xiaomi redmi pro will set you back just 210 eur.
it has a 4000 mah battery, 4 gb of ram, and dual primary and secondary cameras.
thank you for shopping; i'll book it. is there anything else that i can do to help you?
thank you very much.
hello and good evening. yes, how do i assist you?
yes, we have a lot. may you tell me which brand you're looking for?
is there any other information you have about it?
we will always try.
the huawei p10 in mystic silver is the phone's model. it's an excellent phone.
it has a 4 gb ram and a 3200 mah battery. it has a dual main camera and a secondary camera with an 8-megapixel resolution.
yes, it weights 145 gram and has a storage capacity of 32 gigabytes.
it will set you back 600 euros.
it is now at a reduced cost.
okay, that's it. we'll keep you informed about any discounts available.
you're more than welcome.
hello there. i'd like to know which brand you like.
and new users are entitled to the best. what is your financial limit?
the nikon coolpix 950 was introduced in 1999 and is now the most common camera. that's something you can look at.
it has a 1600x1024 resolution. it has a sensor with a resolution of one pixel.
it falls between 38 and 115. it also has a 30-second focus set. it has 8 gb of storage and a battery that weights 480 g.
it measures 143 cm in length.
it will set you back 229 euros.
it's a good brand that works.
that's fine. allow me to show you a few more models.
and, of course. we'll be here when you are.
you're more than welcome.
hello there. i'd give it my everything. please let me know if i can be of assistance to you.
that's really cool. what exactly does he require?
smartphones can, in reality, be a very helpful tool. is there anything he prefers in terms of specifications?
it is a wise decision. what is your financial limit?
we have an [smartphone_tablet_brand] model that is the most common. do you want to learn more about it?
the asus zenfone 3 zoom ze553kl, which was released in january 2017, has a 5000mah battery and 4gb ram.
without a doubt. it has a 13-megapixel secondary camera and a dual main camera. it also has a built-in radio and gps system.
it's on this phone. and i'm certain that your grandson will adore this phone.
it weights about 170 grammes and has a 401-centimeter display. it also has 32 gb of storage.
billing done. here is your receipt. 
you are welcome. 
hello and good morning. what may i do to assist you?
we have a variety of them from various brands. could you please tell me about your preferred requirements?
the best camera brand is cannon.
the model is the canon powershot s3. i would advise you to give it a shot. it is the most recent one we have.
it has a 6-pixel sensor and a resolution of 2816x2272.
50-10 is the focus area. the zoom scale is also 36-432.
it weights 510 grammes, including the charger, and has a 113-centimeter touchscreen.
it will set you back 399 eur.
it is currently being sold at the original price.
he is, without a doubt, the receipt.
you're more than welcome.
hello there. i'm here to help you.
i'll give it my everything. what are your personal preferences?
that's fine. we currently have it in store.
htc desire 10 pro has a 3000mah battery and 4gb ram, and was released in september 2016. the main camera has a resolution of 20 megapixels, while the secondary camera has a resolution of 13 megapixels.
it comes with a built-in radio and gps. it has a 400-cm touchscreen and two sim card slots.
it's set in stone black. it seems to be exquisite.
allow me to illustrate. you can see it here: http://cdn2.gsmarena.com/vv/bigpic/htc-desire-10-pro.jpg
i'm happy you enjoyed it.
yes, really. it is 165 g in weight. it is one of the finest products available.
that's the price: 460 eur. it's a fantastic deal.
that's fine.
you are welcome. 
hello there. are you looking for a specific brand?
do you have a favourite model?
the samsung galaxy s7 could be an excellent choice.
it has a 3000mah battery and 4gb of ram. it has a main camera with a resolution of 12 megapixels and a secondary camera with a resolution of 5 megapixels.
the display on this phone measures 577 cm. it also has a built-in gps system.
we've got it in black. it seems to be quite elegant.
although the phone lacks that functionality, there are other brands that meet your needs.
the one i suggested to you had the largest display. perhaps you should look at other brands as well.
okay, that's fine.
you're very welcome.
thank you for your time. i'm here to assist you in any way that i can.
what exactly do you want to find?
is there a particular brand that you favour?
the asus zenpad 3s 10 z500m is a famous tablet. that's something you can check.
in july of 2016, the website was launched. it has a large battery capacity of 5300 mah and 4 gb of ram. in addition, the main camera has an aperture of 8 megapixels, while the secondary camera has an aperture of 5 megapixels.
it has 32 gb of internal memory and weights 430 gram.
gold is the colour of choice. it seems to be magnificent.
http://cdn2.gsmarena.com/vv/bigpic/asus-zenpad-3s.jpg is a good place to start. isn't that beautiful?
this colour is really common right now. it also comes with a price tag of 4000 eur. that is a fantastic deal.
okay, that's it. we'll keep you updated.
you're more than welcome.
hello there. i'm here to help you.
is there a particular model that you have in mind?
he seems to be a [smartphone_tablet_brand] fan.
let's go out and buy a samsung tablet that he'll adore.
the samsung galaxy tab s3 9.7 has a 6000 mah battery and 4 gb of ram. it has a main camera with a resolution of 13 megapixels and a secondary camera with a resolution of 5 megapixels.
it weights 429 eur, which is decent for a [smartphone_tablet_model].
it's available in [smartphone_tablet_color].
you will be required to pay a total of 750 eur.
it's the best we've got, and he'll like it. it's well worth the money.
okay, that's it. you're more than welcome.
hello and good evening. what may i do to assist you?
i'd like to see what your preferred budget is.
and, of course. approximately 200 eur? will your phone be able to handle it?
the coolpad note 5 has a 4 gb ram and a 4010 mah battery. it has a main camera with a resolution of 13 megapixels and a secondary camera with a resolution of 8 megapixels.
it also has a built-in radio system.
it has a 401 cm touchscreen and two sim cards slots.
it also has a 32 gb internal memory and an integrated gps.
it is a lightweight handset, weighing about 175 g.
yes, it will set you back 180 eur, and it will look anything like this: http://cdn2.gsmarena.com/vv/bigpic/coolpad-note-5r.jpg
okay, that's it. is there anything else i can do to help you?
you're more than welcome.
hello there. please let me know if you have any specific brand, style, or feature preferences.
it is unquestionably a high-quality camera brand.
the canon powershot sd1000, which was released in 2007, may be a decent option. it has a 3072x2592 resolution. 35-105mm is the zoom size.
it has a display size of 86 cm and a range of 0-5. it has 32 gb of storage and a range of 0-5. last but not least, the sensor pixel is 7.
just 199 eur. i hope you find it enjoyable.
ok, but what exactly is it?
could you tell me what your mobile budget is?
check out the xiaomi mi max 2. it's an excellent phone.
and, of course. it has a 5300 mah battery and 4 gb of ram. it has a main camera with a resolution of 12 megapixels and a secondary camera with a resolution of 5 megapixels.
it's available in gold, which is stunning.
are you interested in knowing more about its features?
it costs 280 euros. would you want to book any of these for yourself?
and, of course. your reservation number is 8097**hkjk.
you're more than welcome.
hello and good evening. what may i do to assist you?
can i inquire as to what brand it is?
some other features that come to mind.
that's impressive. is there anything else you require?
the majority of vivo phones are made of [smartphone_tablet_color]. it may be a little difficult, but i'll do my best.
that will be very beneficial. please, just do it.
the phone in question is the vivo x7 plus. it's an attractive handset.
you're already aware of the camera. it has a 4000mah battery and 4gb of ram. it also has a 64 gb internal memory.
it will set you back 680 euros.
this phone has a lot of great features. it's well worth the effort.
only the initial price of the phone will be sold.
perhaps you can wait for the holiday shopping season.
you're more than welcome.
hello there, may you tell me what your budget is?
then either apple iphones or samsung's s series are the way to go.
apple iphones are the way to go.
i own iphone 7 and iphone 7 plus, as well as iphone 6s and iphone 6s plus.
it's the iphone 7 plus, of course.
it comes with 3 gb of ram, a 2900mah battery, and 32 gb of internal memory.
the phone i have is jet black in colour.
your reservation number is 5959.
thank you for visiting, and have a pleasant day.
hello there. what may i do to assist you?
yes, we have a variety of cameras from various manufacturers.
this is fantastic. let me make a suggestion.
the nikon coolpix l12 is an excellent option.
this version has more functions than the previous one.
it was released in 2007 and has a resolution of 3072x2592 pixels. the sensor has a resolution of 7 pixels.
it also has a 35-105mm zoom range and a 50-15mm target range. it has a battery and weighs 105 g, making it easier to carry.
and for just 99 eur. it's an incredible deal.
billing has been completed. your receipt is secured.
you're more than welcome.
hello there. i'm here to assist you.
what may i do to assist you?
do you have a favourite brand?
is there a special feature you'd like to see on your phone?
okay, that's it. samsung's galaxy s8+ has a 3500 mah battery and 4 gb of ram.
the asus zenfone has a 4 gb ram and a 7800 mah battery. it has a main camera with an aperture of 8 megapixels and a secondary camera with an aperture of 5 megapixels.
it weighs 490 g and has a storage capacity of 32 gb.
gold is the colour of choice.
allow me to demonstrate. http://cdn2.gsmarena.com/vv/bigpic/asus-zenpad-3s.jpg http://cdn2.gsmarena.com/vv/bigpic/asus-zenpad-3s.jpg
i'm glad you like it.
it will set you back 450 euros.
you're more than welcome.
hello and good afternoon. and let me know what you're worried about. that's something i'd be happy to take care of.
yes, may you tell me the brand you're looking for?
yes, we have a large number of nikon models on hand. is there a particular model that you're searching for?
okay, that's it. let me recommend a model that would be suitable for you.
nikon coolpix100 with 512x320 resolution.
just give me a moment.
nikon coolpix 2000 is a digital camera with a resolution of 1632x1024 pixels and a pixel 1 camera that was released in 2002. it has a zoom range of 38-114 and weights 295 gram with the battery included.
it has a 108 cm touchscreen which will set you back 229 eur.
ok, but it has more benefits.
do you want to purchase it?
okay, that's it. the reservation has been made.
you're more than welcome.
hello there. what may i do to assist you?
what may i do to assist you?
if you have any basic requirements? do you choose budget or brand?
the asus zenfone 3 deluxe 5.5 zs550kl is a viable choice. it has a 3000 mah battery and 4 gb of ram. the main camera has a resolution of 16 megapixels, while the secondary camera has a resolution of 8 megapixels.
it has 64 gb of storage and weights 151 gram. it's a small phone that also looks nice.
it will set you back 440 euros.
it comes in a shimmering gold colour. it seems to be magnificent.
it seems to be fantastic. take a glance at the illustration as a starting point.
there are several [laptop_color] versions available. allow me to demonstrate.
and, of course. we'll keep you updated.
you're more than welcome.
hello there. what may i do to assist you?
i'll give it my everything. are you looking for a specific brand?
yes, it is an excellent choice.
do you want me to describe its features to you or something?
that's excellent. if you want to buy it?
the cost is seven hundred and fifty euros.
sony goods are high-end and filled with useful features.
asus is a company that makes electronics. it is currently a famous brand.
the asus zenfone 2 deluxe ze551ml has a 3000 mah battery and 4 gb ram, and was released in august 2015. the main camera has a resolution of 13 megapixels, while the secondary camera has a resolution of 5 megapixels.
it's just 500 euros. you'll enjoy the phone now that you know the price, and you think it's a good buy.
you're more than welcome.
hello and good evening. what may i do to assist you?
okay, that's it. is it okay if i inquire if you have any preferences in terms of specifications?
yes, are you interested in learning more about its features?
silver is an option for the style you're looking for. it seems to be in excellent condition.
might i recommend any other htc versions that are available in [smartphone_tablet_color]?
htc's u ultra. it was released in january 2017 and comes in brilliant black. will it be successful?
that's really cool. the phone is equipped with a 3000 mah battery and 4 gb of ram. the main camera has a resolution of 12 megapixels, while the secondary camera has a resolution of 16 megapixels.
it has a 513 cm display height. it also has two sim slots.
really, that has happened. it also has a built-in radio system.
will you buy it if the price was right?
you will be charged 750 eur.
okay. booking done. is there anything else i can assist you with?
you are welcome. 
hello and good morning.
with the defined release date range, we have a variety of phone models from various brands.
please let me know if you have any specific brand or model interests.
as per the specifications, i have blu.
it is black in colour and has a 3000 mah battery, 4 gb ram, 13 main camera, and 8 secondary camera.
the cost is 170 euros.
yes, this is a very reliable brand.
thank you so much! i'll take care of it. is there anything else you require?
if you have any interests in terms of specifications?
okay, so you may be interested in the asus aspire 3 a315-53, which has a 3.7/5 ranking and meets all of your criteria.
it is available at a reduced price of 1599 eur.
okay, your asus aspire 3 a315-53 and zenfone ar zs571kl have been reserved. fgew is the booking id.
welcome, please visit again. 
hello there. i would be delighted to be of assistance to you.
if you could tell us what brand, style, or feature you want, that would be fantastic.
[smartphone_tablet_brand] makes some high-quality products. the [smartphone_tablet_brand] u11's features can appeal to you.
it has a 3000 mah battery, 4 gb ram, a 12 megapixel main camera, and a 16 megapixel selfie camera.
the htc onex10, which has a 16 mp main camera, is the phone for you.
[smartphone_tablet_camera]i[smartphone_tablet_camera]t[smartphone_tablet_camera] [smartphone_tablet_camera]c[smartphone_tablet_camera]o[smartphone_tablet_camera]s[smartphone_tablet_camera]t[smartphone_tablet_camera]s[smartphone_tablet_camera] [smartphone_tablet_camera]j[smartphone_tablet_camera]u[smartphone_tablet_camera]s[smartphone_tablet_camera]t[smartphone_tablet_camera] [smartphone_tablet_camera]3[smartphone_tablet_camera]3[smartphone_tablet_camera]0[smartphone_tablet_camera] [smartphone_tablet_camera]e[smartphone_tablet_camera]u[smartphone_tablet_camera]r[smartphone_tablet_camera]o[smartphone_tablet_camera]s[smartphone_tablet_camera].[smartphone_tablet_camera]
yes, it is available in [smartphone_tablet_color]. it seems to be fantastic. http://cdn2.gsmarena.com/vv/bigpic/htc-one-x10.jpg 
is there anything more we can do for you now that your reservation has been confirmed?
what will you do for it?
are you looking for a specific brand?
what do you think of this hp ipaq hw6515? it's going to be fantastic. it has all of the characteristics you're looking for.
both of your brands have been reserved for you. is there anything else i can do to help you?
you're more than welcome.
hello and good morning. please let me know if you have a favourite model or brand.
if you could assist us with the brand or product name, it would be fantastic.
it's an htc unit. my htc u ultra has a similar appearance. it'll set you back 513 eur.
with a similar design, the [smartphone_tablet_brand] 10 evo will set you back just 570 dollars.
if you could assist us with your budget range, it would be fantastic.
the 3200 mah battery is more than sufficient for everyday use.
the internal storage capacity is 32 gb.
yes, it is available in platinum.
just give me a minute. your reservation is currently being processed.
it is our fun. and come back to see us.
hello there. if you could share your model or other basic requirements with me, that would be fantastic.
i'd like to see if you have any battery preferences.
you'll love this ipad mini wifi + cellular with a 4490 mah battery. http://cdn2.gsmarena.com/vv/bigpic/apple-ipad-mini-final.jpg 
the screen size is 7.9 inches.
it is included with ios.
a nano-sim card slot is included.
you'll get 0.004882 gb of ram.
if that's the case, you can give this ipad mini 2 a shot. apple-ipad-mini2.jpg, cdn2.gsmarena.com/vv/bigpic/apple-ipad-mini2.jpg
it has 1 gb of ram, which is just what you need.
it has a battery capacity of 6470 mah.
yes, it'll just take a minute.
it is our fun. and come back to see us.
hello there. if you have a specific model in mind, please let me know.
the ipad mini 3 might be a decent option.
really, she'll go crazy for it. what specifically would you like to learn more about?
with its 8660 mah battery, you can rest easy.
with this [smartphone_tablet_model], you get 16 gb of internal storage.
it is available for 350 eur.
so, how do you feel about apple-branded smartphones?
apple does make some fantastic smartphones.
this is the iphone 5 that we have for you. http://cdn2.gsmarena.com/vv/bigpic/apple-iphone-5-ofic.jpg 
it will set you back 340 eur.
yes, it has a 1.2 mp selfie camera as well as an 8 mp main camera.
ok, just wait a minute while we ready your order. thank you for visiting our store.
you are welcome.
hello there. what may i do to assist you?
yes, we have a variety of iphone models.
okay, i've got iphones and other apple gadgets.
i'm sure you've learned about the iphone 5c by now. it's a viable alternative. it has a lot of positive aspects. which one do you like to learn more about?
it has a 4.0-inch screen.
it has a battery capacity of 1510 mah.
you will be required to pay 300 eur.
yes, is there anything else you'd like to purchase?
i recommend getting an ipad.
while it is technically unavailable, we do have an ipad air 2 with equivalent capabilities.
it would just set you back 440 eur.
please allow us a few moments. the reservation has been made.
you're more than welcome.
hello there. could you please show me any photos of that phone?
okay, this phone seems to be an acer model, based on the images. in terms of colour, we have one that looks identical. it's an acer iconia one phone.
yes, this phone has an android operating system and a huge battery capacity of 4550 mah.
it has an internal memory of 16 gb and an external memory of 1 gb.
okay, this is the acer liquid jade s model.
it's charcoal, so it'll still give you a stylish and sophisticated look.
it has an internal memory of 16 gb and an external memory of 2 gb.
yes, it has a 13-megapixel main camera and a 5-megapixel secondary camera, so you can take high-resolution images with it.
sure, here's a link to it. http://cdn2.gsmarena.com/vv/bigpic/acer:liquid:jade:s:s56.jpg 
sure, shall i proceed with billing for both the items?
okay, it has been booked for you with this address. 
you're most welcome. 
hello there. and, of course. i'm here to assist you. is it possible for me to learn more about your specifications?
okay, i'll bring you some things that i hope you like. acer's aspire 5 a515:52g:75xj concept is shown here.
it will set you back 2799 euros.
nvidia geforce mx130 (2 gb) gpu is included. it can reliably accommodate everyday use and is ideal for coding.
this laptop has a fast 8 gb ram. the 15.6-inch display on this model is beautiful.
aspire 3 a315:53 can be found here. it also has a 15.6-inch touchscreen that will set you back just 2249 eur.
[laptop_brand] geforce mx130 (2 gb) graphics are included. the laptop has a ranking of 3.7/5 stars.
the rates on sale are reduced. for everyday usage, a laptop is preferred.
is there anything else i could assist you with?
you are welcome. 
hello there, i'm here to assist you. and let me know what you're looking for.
okay, can you mention few more features that your brother prefers?
okay, that's it. there are a lot of tablets with [smartphone_tablet_model]-inch screens. i'm curious as to what else your brother would want.
okay, you should think about purchasing a model. it has a stunning display, [smartphone_tablet_model] gb of ram, and is available in graphite black.
a 2700 mah battery powers the unit. it's adequate for everyday use.
what is the best battery power for you?
okay, so you should think about purchasing the iconia tab a1:811 model. it includes all you requested. this device's battery will power it for the whole day.
it would just cost you 150 eur.
the tablet has 8 gb of internal storage, a 4960 mah battery, and is available in white. this system will provide you with excellent all-around results.
yes, please tell me about your budget.
let me double-check. a model iconia tab 7 a1:713 is available for [smartphone_tablet_cost] eur. it comes with a big monitor and 1 gb of ram. it's pitch dark.
the smartphone is attractive, and the colour is fashionable. it would be the most cost-effective purchase for you.
this smartphone has wifi access and is in high demand all of the time. it will undoubtedly assist him in his online course.
and, of course. this is the invoice.
you're more than welcome.
hello there. sure, may you tell me what features you'd want in your phone?
[smartphone_tablet_camera]o[smartphone_tablet_camera]n[smartphone_tablet_camera] [smartphone_tablet_camera]h[smartphone_tablet_camera]e[smartphone_tablet_camera]r[smartphone_tablet_camera] [smartphone_tablet_camera]p[smartphone_tablet_camera]h[smartphone_tablet_camera]o[smartphone_tablet_camera]n[smartphone_tablet_camera]e[smartphone_tablet_camera],[smartphone_tablet_camera] [smartphone_tablet_camera]w[smartphone_tablet_camera]h[smartphone_tablet_camera]a[smartphone_tablet_camera]t[smartphone_tablet_camera] [smartphone_tablet_camera]c[smartphone_tablet_camera]o[smartphone_tablet_camera]l[smartphone_tablet_camera]o[smartphone_tablet_camera]u[smartphone_tablet_camera]r[smartphone_tablet_camera] [smartphone_tablet_camera]d[smartphone_tablet_camera]o[smartphone_tablet_camera]e[smartphone_tablet_camera]s[smartphone_tablet_camera] [smartphone_tablet_camera]s[smartphone_tablet_camera]h[smartphone_tablet_camera]e[smartphone_tablet_camera] [smartphone_tablet_camera]p[smartphone_tablet_camera]r[smartphone_tablet_camera]e[smartphone_tablet_camera]f[smartphone_tablet_camera]e[smartphone_tablet_camera]r[smartphone_tablet_camera]?[smartphone_tablet_camera]
it was a good decision. what is the show size that the girl is most relaxed with?
what would you like to spend your money on?
alright, here's a model from alcatel called shine lite. it has an android operating system and a 13 megapixel primary camera. it's available in satin gold.
it has a 2 gb ram and a 2460 mah battery. it's a stunning phone.
then you should think about purchasing allview's x4 soul model. it includes all you requested.
it will set you back 420 euros.
you can then choose alcatel's style ot:995 for your girl. it is available in a stunning black colour that she would adore. it would set you back 220 euros.
this phone has a higher rating, and i would strongly advise you to purchase it. it would be a perfect surprise for a young lady.
please keep your horses.
billing has been completed. thank you for your purchase.
you're more than welcome.
hello and good evening. what kind of laptop specifications do you require? like the size of the display or something else.
yes, we have a range of laptops that meet the requirements.
sure, look at the asus aspire 3 a315:53:341n, which has 4 gb of internal ram and a wide 15.6-inch touchscreen.
it has a 1tb hdd that is fast to work with.
of course, it operates for at least 24 hours under regular conditions, and it is quick and simple to open.
intel graphics 620 is the graphics card.
intel core i3:7020u is the processor.
it is still in high demand and is available at a reduced price. on this laptop, you saved 210 eur.
the cost is 1539 euros.
yes, the price has also been reduced. this laptop is a decent buy for the money.
great, it has been booked for you with ref. no.12345. 
you are welcome.
hello there. if you have any specifications criteria, please let me know.
you've arrived at the right place. we have casio exilim ex: s500, casio exilim ex: s600, and casio exilim ex: s880, which are all lightweight and meet your specific needs.
and, of course. it is very compact, weighing just 155 grammes at most. the high resolution is 2560 pixels, and the low resolution is 2304 pixels, resulting in high-quality images.
of course, it's the easiest for a photographer. it also has 8 gb of capacity.
it takes excellent photographs and hd photos, which seem normal and have high-resolution images that you enjoy.
it has a typical focus range of 40 centimetres.
in terms of maximum resolution, the [camera_brand] exilim ex: s600 has a higher resolution (2816) than the [camera_brand] exilim ex: s500, allowing you more high-resolution images and improved quality photos.
casio exilim ex: s600 offers the better representation and is now on the market..
all rates are the same, i.e. is just 249 eur
it'll be the perfect gift.
it's fantastic, and it's still on sale.
it has been reserved for you with the reference number 1342355.
you're more than welcome.
hello there. could you please show me any photos of that phone?
okay, this phone seems to be an acer model, based on the images. and the colour of this phone is mystic black.
sure, it's an android phone with a 1300 mah battery.
it has 4 gb of internal memory and 0.004882813 gb of external memory.
acer is the manufacturer of this handset. however, if you deem their ram, i'll have to show you something else. is it true the brand matters?
okay, this is the [smartphone_tablet_brand] zenpad 3s 10 z500m model.
it is silver in colour, giving you a classic and stylish appearance.
it has an internal memory of 32 gb and an external memory of 4 gb.
yes, it has an eight-megapixel main camera and a five-megapixel secondary camera for high-resolution images.
here is the link. http://cdn2.gsmarena.com/vv/bigpic/asus:zenpad:3s.jpg
sure, shall i proceed with billing for both the items?
okay, it has been booked for you with this address. 
you're most welcome. 
hello there. what may i do to assist you?
may you tell me what features you'd want in your phone?
sure, i'll show you some of my favourite brands. will you mind telling me whether you have any particular requirements for your phone?
okay, this is the asus zenfone 3 deluxe 5.5 zs550kl, which has 64 gb of internal memory and a 3000 mah battery.
this model is made by asus.
it comes with a shimmer gold colour that gives you a stunning appearance.
and, of course. it has been reserved for you with the reference number 58963.
thank you for your purchase.
you're more than welcome.
hello there. yes, we have a number of phones that meet these specifications; do you have any additional requirements?
okay, here are few laptop models that you really like. if you have a preference for a certain brand?
okay, here's the [laptop_brand] dodel 15:da0035nx, which has a 15.6-inch touchscreen.
it has plenty of room, with a 1tb hard drive.
this laptop has an intel core i7:8550u processor and a 3.5 out of 5 star review.
three stars is a fantastic score. the scale is shown as tbb. the panel seems to be crisp.
intel uhd graphics 620 is the graphics card.
of course, it lasts at least 24 hours on a daily basis, and this laptop is fast.
excellent, 2299 eur is the reduced price.
it has been reserved for you with the reference number 1344455.
you are welcome. 
hello there, i'm here to assist you. please let me know what you're looking for and how much you're willing to spend.
sure, i'll show you some decent brands at a cheap price that you'll enjoy. will you mind telling me whether you have any particular requirements for your phone?
okay, here are few mobile versions that you really like. to begin with, see the life one x2 mini, a dual-sim [smartphone_tablet_os] and 4g handset.
it has a main camera with 13 pixels and a secondary camera with 8 pixels. it comes with a 3000mah battery and 4 gb of ram.
a secondary camera, of course, provides high-resolution images and hd video that appears to be genuine.
it costs just 170 euros.
its colour is grey which looks elegant and classic, and you know it is rare to find this colour with these specifications. so, you should buy this product. 
this phone has status a which has a higher rating. i would highly recommend you buying because at a low price this phone has high features. 
alright. here is a phone. http://cdn2.gsmarena.com/vv/bigpic/blu-life-one-x2-mini.jpg
great, it has been booked for you with ref. no.58945. i hope you loved it. 
billing done. thank you for shopping. 
you are welcome. 
hello and good morning. what may i do to assist you?
what are your fundamental needs?
could i inquire about your phone budget?
oppo is currently one of the best options for anyone looking for a great camera, particularly for taking selfies.
it has 64 gb of internal storage and 4 gb of ram.
yes, this handset is an oppo 'r11' model with a 3000mah battery backup.
the main camera has two lenses, and the secondary camera has a resolution of 20 mp.
the cost is just 400 eur.
the lenovo yoga tab 3 pro is an option.
it has a 64 gb ram storage capacity.
it has a battery backup of 10200 mah.
you can get it for 480 eur. instead, you can get the oppo r11, which i mentioned earlier, since it also has expandable storage.
the oppo r11, which i mentioned earlier, is a good option because it has expandable storage and 64 gb ram.
it does, in reality, have a dual sim slot as well as an expandable memory slot.
this is the final price since it has already been discounted.
sure, but how are you going to pay for it?
thank you so much, sir.
hello and good morning. what may i do to assist you?
whose specifications are you looking for?
we have a lot of options, so please let me know what specifications you're looking for.
please take a look at huawei matebook 13.
the cost is eur 4999.
this item is the best from the xiaomi line, and it is also the most famous.
could you please tell me what your price point is?
after discount, the lenovo ideapad s340 costs 1849 eur.
well, it is the most well-known and reliable brand.
it is equipped with an intel core i5-8265u cpu, intel gma hd graphics, and a 1tb hard drive.
okay, the reservation has been made.
thank you for stopping by, and we hope to see you again soon.
hello there. what may i do to assist you?
can of the following specifications would you prefer?
yes, we do, and it costs 1499 euros.
this item is the best from the xiaomi line, and it is also the most famous.
could you please tell me what your price point is?
do you want to purchase a canon camera?
well, it is the most well-known and reliable brand. please take a look at the canon powershot a550.
it has a maximum resolution of 3072 pixels, 16 gb of bandwidth, and 7 effective pixels.
it weighs 210 gram, including the charger, and is portable.
okay, the reservation has been made.
thanks for coming by, and we hope to see you again soon.
hello there. what may i do to assist you?
please explain your requirements to me.
after discount, the lenovo ideapad s340 costs 1849 eur.
well, it is the most well-known and reliable brand.
it is equipped with an intel core i5-8265u cpu, intel gma hd graphics, and a 1tb hard drive.
okay, that's it.
it has a maximum resolution of 2272 pixels, a low resolution of 1280 pixels, 3 effective pixels, and a storage capacity of 16 gb.
the price is 1699 eur. do you want to purchase it?
it is one of the most well-known and reliable brands.
okay, your order has been placed and will be delivered shortly.
thank you for stopping by, and we hope to see you again soon.
hello and good morning. do you have a specific model in mind?
yes, we have an [laptop_brand] [laptop_model] laptop in stock, and it costs $1099 after a discount.
yes, it comes with an intel celeron n4000 cpu, intel uhd graphics 600 graphics, and a 1tb hard drive.
it is just a reduced price. it was already listed at the outset.
okay, i'll book it, and it'll arrive shortly. is there anything else you'd like to know?
if you have any interests in terms of specifications?
it has a maximum resolution of 1600 pixels, a low resolution of 1024 pixels, an effective resolution of 1 pixel, an 8 gb storage space, and an 80 standard focus radius.
it costs 129 euros. do you want to purchase it?
okay, that's it. the asus x543ma and olympus c-2000 zoom are reserved for you.
thanks for coming by, and we hope to see you again soon.
hello and good morning. do i understand your requirements?
what is the price point that you have in mind?
here, we have a range of options. which processor are you looking for?
you won't see any i5 processor from the dell brand because they are all over 2000.
the [laptop_brand] inspiron 15 3567 is available for 1849 eur.
this laptop has also been reduced in cost.
it is equipped with an intel core i3-7020u cpu, intel hd graphics 620 graphics, and a 1tb hard drive.
it has a 15.6-inch screen.
okay, that's it. the reservation has been made.
thank you for stopping by, and we hope to see you again soon.
hello and good morning. please provide me with the specifications.
if you have a favourite brand or style in mind?
yes, we do, and the cost is 149 eur.
it has a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, 0 effective pixels, and a typical focus range of 70.
could you please tell me what your price point is?
please see canon powershot a310, which costs 139 dollars.
it has a maximum resolution of 2048 pixels, three powerful pixels, and 33 wide and tele zooms.
yes, of course. the reservation has been made. is there anything else i can do to help you?
thanks for coming by, and we hope to see you again soon.
hello there. what may i do to assist you?
if you have any interests in terms of specifications?
we have gionee, huawei, and samsung phones with [smartphone_tablet_model] gb ram if that's what you're looking for.
then you can purchase a gionee m2017 in black.
it has a 7000mah battery, 6 gb ram, eight secondary cameras, and a dual secondary camera.
the price is 1150 eur.
it has a 7000mah battery life and will run for four days without a charge, so it would be useful for your girlfriend.
it has gps, dual sim, and is currently in a status.
okay, i'll make a reservation for you. is there anything else you'd like?
thank you for stopping by, and we hope to see you again soon.
thank you for visiting.
hello there. what may i do to assist you?
if you have any interests in terms of specifications?
do you have a favourite brand?
look at the [laptop_brand] ideapad 330, which has a 15.6-inch touchscreen.
it comes with an intel core i7-8550u cpu, amd radeon 530 (4 gb) graphics, and a 128 gb m.2 ssd/1tb hdd disc.
the cost is eur 3099.
yes, it costs 2789 eur after the discount.
still, but it is well-known, with a 3.6/5 ranking.
if you have any interests in terms of specifications?
we have it in stock, and it costs 229 eur.
it has a maximum resolution of 3072 pixels, seven effective pixels, and 13 gb of storage.
but you've decided to purchase a lenovo ideapad 330 and a nikon coolpix 7900. is it going to be a book?
thank you for visiting. please come here.
hello there. what may i do to assist you?
we have a large variety of cameras. please let me know if you have any requirements in terms of specifications.
yes, we do, and the cost is 509 eur.
it has a high resolution, with a maximum resolution of 3648 pixels, ten effective pixels, and 32 gb of storage.
it is just a reduced price.
there are several options available to us. if you have any interests in terms of specifications?
we have it in stock, and it costs 2449 eur.
it comes with a 15.6-inch touchscreen, an intel core i5-8250u cpu, and 128 gb ssd/1tb hdd storage.
graphics are provided by nvidia geforce mx150 (2 gb).
so, can i book both the huawei matebook d laptop and the huawei matebook d laptop? as well as the leica v-lux 1.
okay, your order has been placed, and it will be delivered as soon as possible.
please visit again.
hello there. what may i do to assist you?
i'd like to hear if you have any requirements in terms of specifications.
this camera is a [smartphone_tablet_brand] [smartphone_tablet_model] model with a 700 eur price tag.
yes, however it comes with a 4080 mah battery, 6 gb ram, 16 megapixel main camera, and 16 megapixel secondary camera.
okay, could you please tell me the price range and specifications?
please see the coolpad note 5, which costs 180 eur.
it comes with a 4010 mah battery, 4 gb ram, a 13-megapixel main camera, and an 8-megapixel secondary camera.
its colour is royal gold.
do you want to purchase it?
okay, i'll place your coolpad note 5 order, and we'll get it delivered as soon as possible.
thank you for stopping by, and we hope to see you again soon.
hello and good morning. if you have any interests in terms of specifications?
we have it in stock, and it costs 229 eur.
it has a maximum resolution of 3072 pixels, seven effective pixels, and 13 gb of storage.
so your nikon coolpix 7900 order has been placed.
i'd like to hear if you have any requirements in terms of specifications.
well, we do, and the cost is 170 eur.
it comes with a 3000mah battery, 4 gb ram, a 13-megapixel main camera, and an 8-megapixel secondary camera.
it's grey and has 64 gb of storage memory.
okay, i'll make a reservation for you.
thanks for coming by, and we hope to see you again soon.
hello there. please let me know if you have any particular specifications in mind.
could you please tell me what your price range is?
the panasonic eluga ray max is available for 170 eur.
it has a 3000mah battery, 4 gb ram, 16 secondary cameras, and an 8 secondary camera, as well as dual sim capability.
it's a rose gold colour.
yes, the rose gold colour is one-of-a-kind, and today's girls adore it. this colour, as well as the phone, will appeal to your daughter.
okay, i'll reserve this item. is there anything else you'd like?
yes, it comes with an intel core i5 dual-core cpu, intel hd graphics 6000 graphics, and 128 gb (pcie flash) of storage.
do you want to buy it for 3399 eur after the discount?
okay, your panasonic eluga ray max reservation has been made.
welcome, please visit again.
hello and good morning. please let me know if you have any particular specifications in mind.
could you please tell me what your price point is?
please see the xiaomi mi 6, which costs [smartphone_tablet_cost] eur.
it has a 3350mah battery, 6 gb ram, and dual primary and secondary cameras.
it's black ceramic.
the 3350mah is a decent option. you will use it for one day without having to charge it.
okay, i'll reserve this item. is there anything else you'd like?
yes, it comes with an intel core i5 dual-core cpu, intel hd graphics 6000 graphics, and 128 gb (pcie flash) of storage.
do you want to buy it for 3399 eur after the discount?
okay, your panasonic eluga ray max reservation has been made.
thanks for coming by, and we hope to see you again soon.
hello and good morning. could you tell me what the requirements are?
we have a lot of options; could you please have some more information?
please take a look at the oppo r11 plus.
it has a 4000mah battery, 6 gb ram, 20 secondary cameras, and a dual main camera.
okay, it'll set you back 500 euros.
it is now at a reduced cost.
it is well-known for its large storage space and camera. you will catch the perfect moment by taking a high-quality photograph.
take a look at the oppo a59.
it comes with a 3075 mah battery, 3 gb ram, and a 13-megapixel main camera and eight-megapixel secondary camera.
yes, the oppo r11 plus would satisfy all of your needs if you stretch your budget a little more.
is there anything else you require?
thanks for coming by, and we hope to see you again soon.
hello and good morning. please explain your requirements to me.
yes, we have it. would you like to see the features?
it comes with an intel core i5-8250u processor, amd radeon 530 (2 gb) graphics card, and 16 gb (optane)/1tb hdd storage.
graphics on the amd radeon 530 (2 gb) are also very fine. it has the potential to have a positive gaming experience.
the price is 2629 eur.
it is only available at a reduced price.
okay, please tell me the requirements.
yes, it's an acer liquid x2 model.
it comes with a 4020 mah battery, 3 gb ram, and 13-megapixel primary and secondary cameras.
it costs 230 euros.
your acer liquid x2 order has been placed.
thanks for coming by, and we hope to see you again soon.
