Dialogue Number - 1

User - hello, do you have any smartphones for sale?
System - hello . we do have smartphones for selling.
Generated - hello . we do, and its price is _UNK eur.

User - please help me purchase one. i'm looking for a [smartphone_tablet_color] tablet with 4 gb of internal memory.
System - please see the samsung galaxy j7 max in [smartphone_tablet_color] with 4 gb ram.
Generated - please see the samsung galaxy a9 pro (2016), which has a 5000mah battery and 4gb of ram. it also has

User - please describe the features to me.
System - it comes with a 3300mah battery, 4 gb ram, and 13 secondary cameras.
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of 3072 pixels, pixels, effective pixels, and a resolution of _UNK pixels,

User - all of the components are of high quality, but the battery capacity is limited. you don't have a [smartphone_tablet_battery] mah battery, do you?
System - we do, but do you have a price point in mind?
Generated - yes, we do, and that is the colour that we have.

User - which model do you suggest?
System - please see the gionee a1, which costs 280 eur.
Generated - please see the gionee costs which costs 280 eur.

User - what are its features?
System - it comes with a 4010 mah battery, 4 gb ram, a 13-megapixel main camera, and a 16-megapixel secondary camera.
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, a 128 gb (pcie and weighs

User - what about its price?
System - the cost is 280 euros.
Generated - the cost is 280 euros.

User - okay, i want to buy it.
System - so, can i make a booking?
Generated - okay, i'll keep you updated.

User - yes, please book it for me.
System - your samsung galaxy j7 max has been booked.
Generated - okay, your order is booked.

User - thank you.
System - welcome, please visit again.
Generated - you're more than welcome.

--------------------------------------------------------
Dialogue Number - 2

User - good morning. do you have a camera?
System - hello and good morning. yes, we have a large camera range.
Generated - hello and good morning. what may i would be fantastic.

User - great, i want one of the canon brands.
System - there are several options available to us. please include a few more info.
Generated - we have a lot of option with similar features.

User - i want a good quality of focus range.
System - do you have a budget in mind?
Generated - do you have a favourite brand?

User - yes, please show me in between [camera_cost] eur range.
System - please see agfa ephoto 1280, which has a focus range of 70 normal.
Generated - please see xiaomi _UNK and the colour is available for you.

User - can you tell me about its features?
System - it has a maximum resolution of 1024 pixels, 38 wide zoom, and 114 tele zoom.
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, effective pixels, and a resolution of

User - what about its storage?
System - it has a storage capacity of 4 gb.
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, a maximum resolution of 640 pixels,

User - please tell me about its price.
System - it's worth 179 euros.
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a effective pixels, and it has a 15.6-inch touchscreen.

User - i doubt this product.
System - it is a well regarded and reliable item.
Generated - it is a well _UNK and reliable brand.

User - okay, please book this product for me.
System - okay, that's it. the reservation has been made. is there anything else i can do to help you?
Generated - okay, i'll make the reservation has been made.

User - no. thanks
System - welcome, please visit again.
Generated - welcome, please visit again.

--------------------------------------------------------
Dialogue Number - 3

User - good morning, i'd like to purchase a laptop.
System - hello and good morning. please let me know if you have any specific features in mind.
Generated - hello and good morning. please do any that i can do to help you?

User - graphics can be of a good quality.
System - can you have a preferred brand or price range?
Generated - can you have a favourite brand or price point for what you'd like to show me your budget range, that

User - i don't have any particular brands, but please look in the range of 2000 eur.
System - do you want an intel core i3 or intel core i5 processor?
Generated - do you want an an other requirements?

User - which one is the best?
System - both processors are capable. the intel i5 chip is a high-performance processor.
Generated - both _UNK are the capable phones is _UNK

User - okay, then show me the laptop with the i5 cpu.
System - please take a look at the i5 lenovo ideapad s340, which has a 14-inch touchscreen.
Generated - please take a look at huawei matebook be the asus zenfone 3 deluxe 5.5 which has 64 gb of internal

User - could you please describe the features to me?
System - it is equipped with an intel core i5-8265u cpu, intel gma hd graphics, and a 1tb hard drive.
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of 3072 pixels, pixels, effective pixels, and a resolution of _UNK

User - purchase [laptop_brand] graphics are what i'm looking for.
System - intel graphics are well-known and have a once-in-a-lifetime experience.
Generated - intel graphics are you looking for a specific brand?

User - tell me how much it costs.
System - it is 2099 eur before the discount, but it is 1849 eur after the discount.
Generated - it is available in _UNK

User - still, i believe i will have to wait a while because the price of [laptop_brand] graphics will decrease.
System - okay, sure. it's no matter. is there anything else i can do to help you?
Generated - okay, that's it.

User - no. thank you.
System - you are welcome.
Generated - thank you for stopping by, and we hope to see you again soon.

--------------------------------------------------------
Dialogue Number - 4

User - hello and good morning. will you able to assist me?
System - hello and good morning. what may i do to assist you?
Generated - hello and good morning. what may i do to assist you?

User - i'd like a phone as well as a laptop.
System - which one are you most interested in seeing first?
Generated - which one are you looking for?

User - first, i'd like to see the laptop.
System - whose specifications are you looking for?
Generated - can you please tell me if you have a favourite brand?

User - an i5 processor with [laptop_brand] graphics is what i'm looking for.
System - please take a look at the asus vivobook 14 x412ub.
Generated - please tell me the name of the best products and he _UNK

User - tell me about the specifics.
System - the cpu is an intel core i5-8250u, and the graphics are nvidia geforce mx110 (2 gb).
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels,

User - how about the storage capacity?
System - it has a 1tb hard drive.
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, 8 gb and weighs about 150

User - just let me know how much it costs.
System - it is worth 2799 eur.
Generated - it costs 2799 euros.

User - is there no way to get a discount?
System - yes, it would cost 2299 eur after the discount.
Generated - it is just a reduced price.

User - nonetheless, it is prohibitively costly.
System - it is the most trustworthy and well-known brand. a 14-inch display adds to its uniqueness and beauty.
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels,

User - even, please show me something more.
System - do you have a budget in mind?
Generated - we have an asus zenfone max zc550kl have a maximum resolution of _UNK

User - ok, please show a price range of 2000 eur.
System - the lenovo ideapad 330s-14ikb is available for 1849 eur after a discount.
Generated - the asus zenfone 3 deluxe 5.5 is a well gb ram and an internal memory of 32 gb and an

User - please describe the features to me.
System - it is equipped with an intel core i5-8250u cpu, intel uhd graphics 620 graphics, and a 1tb hard drive.
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of 3072 pixels, pixels, effective pixels, and a resolution of _UNK pixels,

User - ok, please book it for me.
System - booking is made. your booking id is 6876**vhj.
Generated - okay, your order will _UNK the reservation has been made. is there anything else i can do to help you?

User - thank you.
System - welcome, please visit again.
Generated - welcome.

--------------------------------------------------------
Dialogue Number - 5

User - hello, may you assist me in purchasing a smartphone?
System - hello. can you tell me which brand or type of phone you are looking for?
Generated - hello and good morning. what may i do to assist you?

User - it should be a dual-sim 4g handset.
System - yes, we have a lot of phones with similar specs; do you have any other requirements?
Generated - yes, we have a lot of phones with similar _UNK this model of the phone was _UNK

User - only the [smartphone_tablet_brand] brand has my trust. is it possible for you to show me some from [smartphone_tablet_brand]?
System - yes, i have [smartphone_tablet_brand]l s6 pro, which is a dual-sim 4g phone.
Generated - yes, we have a variety of [smartphone_tablet_brand] brands. do you have any additional requirements to _UNK

User - what colour is it?
System - it comes in the colour rose gold.
Generated - it is black in colour.

User - this is the colour i want it to be.
https://rukminim1.flixcart.com/image/416/416/je09ua80/mobile/e/s/j/gionee-s6-pro-s6-pro-original-imaf2shkbxgpvdmh.jpeg?q=70
System - then the gionee model s6 pro, which comes in rose gold, is the phone for you. it is appropriate for your needs.
Generated - then you should think about purchasing samsung and it is available for you.

User - what other functionality should it have?
System - it has dual sim slots and 4 gb of ram. it also has a big display.
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, effective pixels, and a dual sim

User - if you need more ram, check out the phone with 8 gb of ram.
System - it's a 4g dual-sim handset. despite the fact that the phone was launched in 2016, it remains one of gionee's best-selling models.
Generated - the asus zenfone 3 deluxe 5.5 is a good option. it has a 15.6-inch display and an 8-megapixel main camera,

User - what is the cost?
System - it costs around 390 eur.
Generated - it will set you back just 210 eur.

User - will it take a decent photo?
System - yes, it has a main camera with 13 megapixels and a secondary camera with 8 megapixels.
Generated - yes, it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, the resolution of the storage is 128 gb (pcie and weighs

User - okay, that will suffice. could you kindly take care of the billing? also, please have a discount.
System - yes, it is discounted price.
Generated - yes, it is discounted price.

User - so, please continue with the invoice.
System - great, it has been booked for you with ref no 121578.
Generated - great, it has been reserved for you with the reference number 1342355.

User - thank you so much.
System - you are most welcome, thanks for buying from us.
Generated - thanks for coming by, and we hope to see you again soon.

--------------------------------------------------------
Dialogue Number - 6

User - good morning. i've been looking for a decent camera for quite some time. could you please help me out?
System - good morning. i've come to help. only tell me what you're looking for and i'll do my best to accommodate you.
Generated - hello and good morning. i'll do you have a favourite brand or feature in mind?

User - as a photographer, i need a camera capable of producing high-resolution photographs.
System - hundreds of cameras are at your disposal to help you with this endeavour. could you go through some of the specifications in greater detail?
Generated - it's an android phone with a 15.6-inch that budget range phone that _UNK

User - it also has a long battery life and a broad target spectrum.
System - take a look at what you're seeing here. the canon eos-1d mark ii is a standard camera that has a high resolution of 3504 pixels and a minimum resolution of 3104.
Generated - yes, we have a lot of phones with similar features. if you have any interests in terms of specifications.

User - so, how do they fare in terms of effective pixels?
System - they have a pixel size of 8 pixels that is effective. have you thought of something else?
Generated - this is the asus zenfone 3 deluxe 5.5 is the most recent

User - no, it's not about the cost. i'm afraid i'll have to buy it. how much does it cost?
System - is there a price point in mind for you?
Generated - it will set you back 440 euros.

User - so, let's get to work on the invoice. do you sell smartphones as well?
System - it is just 4499 eur.
Generated - it is really a reduced at the most of the most well-known brand.

User - show one with a long battery life, a lot of internal memory, and dual 4g sims.
System - that's right. what characteristics are you seeking?
Generated - okay, i'll it. let me show you something that is the model you _UNK

User - what exactly is the scoring system?
System - take a look at what you're seeing here. oppo's 'r9s plus' model comes with a 4g dual-sim card slot and 64 gb of internal memory.
Generated - take a look at the canon powershot _UNK

User - so, how far does it set you back?
System - this phone is rated 'a' and comes in a common black colour.
Generated - it comes with a 15.6-inch battery, 4 gb ram, a dual main camera, and a ram of _UNK

User - what exactly are you referring to? why is the cost so high? please begin with the billing for the cameras.
System - it would just set you back 570 eur.
Generated - it costs just set at a reduced price.

User - that's what there is to it. create a reservation as well.
System - the billing process is now final. is there anything else i can do to help you?
Generated - the phone has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, the secondary camera is 5 megapixel.

User - no. thanks for the assistance.
System - you are welcome.
Generated - you are welcome.

--------------------------------------------------------
Dialogue Number - 7

User - good day. is it possible for you to assist me in purchasing a suitable phone?
System - hello and good day!
sure. i'll do everything i can to meet your expectations. please let me know what you're looking for or what you'd like to see.
Generated - hello and good morning. do you have a favourite brand?

User - i'm a fashion blogger, so having a decent camera is extremely important to me.
System - yes, that's fine. is there anything else about the phone that you'd like to see?
Generated - yes, we have a lot of phones with similar _UNK this model is available for _UNK _UNK

User - i'd like a large monitor. as well as a large amount of internal storage
System - could you tell me if you have a favorite brand?
Generated - could you please tell me what your price point is?

User - no, any brand with a decent camera would suffice for me.
System - if a good camera is your primary requirement, you might consider purchasing one.
Generated - if you have any interests in terms of specifications?

User - after much consideration, i've decided that using a smartphone is the wisest option.
System - i'm just curious if you're certain.
Generated - it is available for just _UNK eur.

User - yes, it's a platform that can be used for a variety of things.
i can take an image, edit it, and upload it all at the same time.
System - do you want to examine any tablet?
Generated - do you want to purchase it?

User - it's one of samsung's best-selling items, which i have.
System - and do you have a cell phone? 
Generated - and it costs _UNK eur.

User - [smartphone_tablet_brand] is also to blame for this. for a long time, i've been a [smartphone_tablet_brand] fan, but now i'd like to branch out and try some other brands.
System - you have a phone as well as a tablet. what you really need, in my opinion, is a good camera, which will be used exclusively for photography.it may be the best option for you.
Generated - yes, we have a variety of phones that meet these specifications; do you have any additional requirements?

User - really, you've made a valid case. i believe i should reconsider my position.
System - so, what have you planned now?
Generated - if you have any interests in terms of specifications?

User - my elder sister and i would like to talk about it.thank you for the information.
System - welcome and please visit again.
Generated - it is really _UNK

--------------------------------------------------------
Dialogue Number - 8

User - good morning, i'd like to ask you a question.
System - hello and good morning.
yes, please let me know how i can assist you.
Generated - hello and good morning. please let me know your _UNK

User - i'm looking for a mobile and need your guidance.
System - i was also curious whether you had misplaced it or if you wished to purchase one.
Generated - hello and good morning. please let me know if you have any requirements in terms of specifications.

User - in terms of purchasing.
System - so, do you have a particular brand preference right now?
Generated - the lenovo ideapad s340 is 1849 eur after the discount.

User - my only requirement is that the color be anything i want.
System - are you hunting for a certain color?
Generated - it's an android phone with a _UNK that _UNK the phone was released in may _UNK

User - it's distinct. that's a color i'm not familiar with.
System - you must provide me with some sort of detail in order for me to assist you.
Generated - it is a good phone. it would just set you back just have to see

User - i have a resource connection for you. will it suffice?
System - yes, it might be beneficial.
Generated - okay, that's it. is there anything else you'd like?

User - https://media.croma.com/image/upload/f_auto,q_auto,d_croma%20assets:no-product-image.jpg,h_350,w_350/v1605110756/croma%20assets/communication/mobiles/images/8811666898974.jpg
System - luminous chrome is the name of the product. sony's xperia xz premium edition.
Generated - the asus zenfone 3 deluxe 5.5 is a decent option.

User - oh my goodness!! do you have it in the stock right now?
System - are you interested in learning more about the product? 
Generated - yes, we do, and its price is 149 eur.

User - yes, absolutely.
System - it has a 3230 mah battery and a fast 4 gb ram.
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 1 pixels, 16 gb of storage.

User - that's fantastic!! what about the storage on the inside?
System - it has a main camera with a resolution of 19 megapixels and a secondary camera with a resolution of 13 megapixels.
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, 16 gb of pixels, and is

User - i want to buy it. thank you.
System - it has a storage capacity of up to 64 gb. it will set you back 750 euros.
Generated - thank you for stopping by, and we hope lenovo lenovo ideapad 330 and samsung coolpix day.

--------------------------------------------------------
Dialogue Number - 9

User - do you have a mobile, good afternoon?
System - hello and good afternoon.
yes, from which brand would you like to begin your explore?
Generated - hello and good _UNK is the _UNK

User - any would suffice.
System - if you have any basic requirements in mind right now?
Generated - the asus zenfone 3 deluxe 5.5 is have the best in the colour that _UNK it _UNK

User - any low-cost phone with adequate features would suffice.
System - i'd like to know how much you're willing to spend.
Generated - please let me know if you _UNK any your financial limit?

User - about 200-250 eur.
System - if you have a specific model in mind right now?
Generated - the nikon coolpix is an excellent choice.

User - no, there isn't anything like that.
System - well, the gionee f5 might be a nice choice for you. "
Generated - well, the asus zenfone 3 deluxe 5.5 zs550kl is a good option. it has a 15.6-inch display size, which will

User - are you certain that this is a decent phone?
System - it has a powerful 4000 mah battery and a fast 4 gb ram.
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, effective pixels, and a 15.6-inch focus

User - that is an excellent purchase. how much does it cost?
System - it has a 13-megapixel main camera and an 8-megapixel secondary camera.it will set you back 250 euros.
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels,

User - what colour scheme do you have in mind for the model?
System - it's available in gold.
Generated - it's available in gold.

User - what is [smartphone_tablet_color]? i'm not sure if this is the colour for my phone that i need.
System - let me demonstrate how it appears. than it may be able to assist you in making your decision.
Generated - let me show you how it looks. then it might be able to make a favourite brand?

User - yes, i'd like to take a look.
System - there you have it: http://cdn2.gsmarena.com/vv/bigpic/gionee-f5.jpg.
Generated - there you have a favourite brand or price point as some of the _UNK

User - it really looks fine, which i wasn't expecting. it appeals to me.
System - that's fantastic news.
Generated - okay, i'll make a few phone.

User - thank you for your help.
System - welcome and please vist again.
Generated - you're more than welcome.

--------------------------------------------------------
Dialogue Number - 10

User - hello, can you help me select a good laptop?
System - hello. 
sure, please let me know if you have any preference?
Generated - hello and good evening. what may i do to assist you?

User - i have used [laptop_brand] and so i would like to with that only.
System - it definitely is. 
may i know what is your budget?
Generated - it definitely is. 
may i know what is your budget?

User - money is not an issue but still don't go much high in budget.
System - that is okay. 
may i know if there is any specific model already in your mind?
Generated - the _UNK an acer models that is the only available in our _UNK

User - i think ideapad 330s from [laptop_brand] can be very good.
System - it has 15.6 inch display screen somewhat more than usual laptops and that is the only good feature it has. 
Generated - it has a 15.6-inch of _UNK and a _UNK camera that _UNK

User - that sounds disappointing!!
System - if you want only lenovo laptops, than i can suggest you some better products as well. 
Generated - if you want to purchase the asus zenfone or _UNK which has a higher rating.

User - sure, go ahead.
System - lenovo ideapad 320-15ikbra is one of the best products that i have observed so much based on ratings. 
Generated - lenovo ideapad 320-15ikbra is one of the best products that i have observed so much based on ratings.

User - any specific reason for suggesting me that?
System - it has been rated 4.2 out of 5 stars which is a great review. 
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels,

User - you are right buy what about its features?
System - it also has 15.6 inch display, i5 processor and amd radeon 530 (2 gb) graphics. 
it also has 1tb hdd disk space. 
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels,

User - that won't work for me. i want a good ssd.
System - okay, i can show you some other models having better ssd. 
Generated - okay, so what is the name of the brand?

User - no, buy i liked this model very much. isn't there something you can do about ssd?
System - every model has their unique features. 
all i can suggest is that it is a good laptop and you can buy it. 
Generated - okay, i'll it. is there anything else you'd like?

User - i understand, buy ssd is fast. let it be, i need some time to think.
System - sure
Generated - sure

User - thank you for your assistance
System - you are welcome. 
Generated - you are welcome.

--------------------------------------------------------
Dialogue Number - 11

User - hello there, i'm getting a little problem. i'm hoping you can assist me.
System - hello and good morning.
sure, will you tell me what the problem is?
Generated - hello and good evening. what may i do to assist you?

User - my daughter wants to buy a tablet, so i'm searching for one.
System - so, which model are you talking about?
Generated - so, which you like. of the product you have some other brands with good camera

User - except for the picture i took from her phone, i don't know anything about it.
System - i'd appreciate it if you could show it to me. i'm curious to see if i can figure out which model it is.
Generated - yes, we have a variety of cameras from various brands. could you please tell me what you're looking for.

User - that is extremely kind of you. take a look at this. https://drop.ndtv.com/tech/product_database/images/82201685704pm_635_samsung_galaxy_note7.jpeg?downsize=*:180&output-quality=80&output-format=webp
System - this is an image of the samsung galaxy note7 (usa), which was launched in august of 2016.
Generated - this is an android phone has a 15.6-inch touchscreen. it will set you back just 570 euros.

User - could you tell me what color this is? i just like the color.
System - this is blue coral, and it really enhances the model's appearance.
Generated - the phone has a 4 gb ram and a 3000 mah battery. it has a battery capacity of _UNK mah.

User - i'm not sure if it's the appearance or the features that my daughter prefers.
System - if i tell you about the features, you'll be able to make a smarter decision.
Generated - if you could tell us your budget?

User - please let me know if that's the case.
System - it has a 3500 mah battery and a fast 4 gb ram.it has a main camera with a resolution of 12 megapixels and a secondary camera with a resolution of 5 megapixels.
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of pixels, pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels,

User - that sounds great!! what about internal memory and display?
System - it has a display screen of 515 cm and 64 gb of internal memory.
it also only weights about 170 g, making it very compact.
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, a low resolution of _UNK pixels, effective pixels, and a resolution of

User - this handset, without a doubt, has excellent features. i liked it as well.
System - are you ready to purchase it right now?
Generated - can you tell me what your requirements is?

User - yes, how much does it cost?
System - you will be charged 760 eur.
Generated - it will set you back 440 euros.

User - okay. book it for me. thank you.
System - okay, your booking id is 776##oio. welcome and please visit again.
Generated - thank you for your purchase.

--------------------------------------------------------
Dialogue Number - 12

User - hello, i'm here to purchase a phone.
System - hello there. if you know the model's name?
Generated - hello there. if you have any interests in terms of specifications?

User - no, go for the name brand. will it be of assistance?
System - that could be helpful. are there any aspects of the product that you are aware of?
Generated - that could be helpful. are there any other specifications it's _UNK

User - it's a [smartphone_tablet_brand] phone with a striking [smartphone_tablet_color] colour.
System - can you show me an image to use as a reference?
Generated - can you tell me your requirements and the budget range,

User - i'm concerned i won't be able to help you in this.
System - please let me know if i come across something related.
Generated - please let me know if you have a favourite brand?

User - yeah, sure.
System - take a look at this, please. http://cdn2.gsmarena.com/vv/bigpic/samsung-galaxy-note7.jpg
Generated - take a look at this, http://cdn2.gsmarena.com/vv/bigpic/samsung-galaxy-note7.jpg

User - oh my goodness. this is the same phone as before. how did you come upon it?
System - this is also available in our collection and in store.
Generated - this is available in our stock. and in store.

User - is this available in [smartphone_tablet_color]? i'm sure it'd look fantastic in [smartphone_tablet_color].
System - this model was only available in blue coral, and it is one of the most attractive phones on the market.
Generated - this model was only available in blue and the colour is available for you. it seems to be fantastic.

User - while i agree, i still prefer [smartphone_tablet_color] over anything else.
System - you can experiment with various colors from time to time, and it is really an awesome phone.
Generated - it's an android phone with a _UNK that would be fantastic.

User - okay, i'd like to purchase it.
System - it will set you back 850 euros.
Generated - it will set you back 850 euros.

User - that is just too costly. i'm afraid i won't be able to afford it.
System - there are several other models that are similar to this one, and they are available in a variety of price ranges. any of them are also available at a reduced cost.
Generated - there are several other models that are available in our stock.

User - i'm not interested in any other options. this is the one i like.
System - if you are interested, then i would like to show you the models. you might like them. 
Generated - if you want only the _UNK

User - i'm going to wait for the discount season to get it at a cheaper price. thank you for your assistance.
System - you are welcome. 
Generated - you're more than welcome.

--------------------------------------------------------
Dialogue Number - 13

User - hello there. have you got a smartphone?
System - hello there. we do, in reality. could you tell me which brand you prefer?
Generated - hello and good afternoon. we do, in _UNK and a variety of _UNK can you please tell me more about

User - any brand will do.
System - do you have a choice for anything else?
Generated - we have it in [smartphone_tablet_color].

User - the phone must cost no more than [smartphone_tablet_cost] euros.
System - if there is something else you need as a function, please let us know.
Generated - if you have any interests in terms of specifications?

User - it should have a total of 4 gb of ram. that is the most important thing.
System - the lava z25 is the ideal phone for you. it has a battery capacity of 3020 mah and 4 gb of ram. it also has a 13-megapixel main camera and an 8-megapixel secondary camera.
Generated - okay, i'll it. let me make the model name.

User - that's incredible!!
System - it has a dual-sim slot, as well as a built-in radio and gps system it weighs about 170g and is, of course, very compact.
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels,

User - is it a light item?
System - it has an internal memory of 32 gb.
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels,

User - i'm completely enamoured with the features. what are the colours that you have available for this?
System - it comes in champagne gold, which has a royal and elegant appearance.
Generated - it comes in a _UNK gold colour.

User - what are you talking about? i don't use any other colour phones than [smartphone_tablet_color].
System - if you'd like to take a look at the graphic, i have it available for you.
Generated - the asus zenfone 3 deluxe 5.5 is a good option. and is one of the most _UNK most _UNK

User - it makes no difference to me. [smartphone_tablet_color] is the only choice.
System - would you like to explore any other model that we have available in [smartphone_tablet_color] colour. 
Generated - it is a fantastic brand.

User - i'm not sure.
System - the phone costs 250 eur only. it's the best phone. 
Generated - the phone costs an android what specifications you would like to begin that i can suggest you a better phone.

User - ok, i'd like to wait until it's available in [smartphone_tablet_color]. thank you so much.
System - you are welcome
Generated - you are welcome.

--------------------------------------------------------
Dialogue Number - 14

User - hello there. will you able to assist me?
System - hello there. yes, of course, i'd be delighted to assist you.
Generated - hello there. what may i do to assist you?

User - i'm hunting for a present for my son's birthday.
System - can you tell me what electronic gadget you're looking for?
i have a wide variety of smartphones, tablets, computers, and cameras on hand.
Generated - what may i do to assist you?

User - he would be fifteen years old. he enjoys playing video games. he is always on the call.
System - so, do you want to purchase a gaming laptop, smartphone, or tablet?
Generated - this is an excellent choice. what your smartphone would you like to learn about?

User - is there a gaming laptop available?
System - yes, for gaming, laptops with decent graphics are favoured.
Generated - yes, we have a lot of phones with similar features. if you have any interests in terms of specifications?

User - okay, fine. it would be fantastic if you could make a positive recommendation for me.
System - may you tell me what your budget is?
Generated - the asus zenfone 3 deluxe 5.5 is a good option. it has a 15.6-inch display and a _UNK camera that

User - about 6000 eur. that should suffice for a laptop, i suppose.
System - i'll do my utmost to get the best deal possible within this budget. please let me know which brand you want.
Generated - okay, i'll keep you updated.

User - when it comes to laptops, i like [laptop_brand].
System - the [laptop_brand] 14-bp101nx is an excellent choice. it is ranked 5 out of 5 stars and has a lot of great features.
Generated - the phone costs only the colour of the battery _UNK this is the most well-known and reliable brand.

User - tell me about those features.
System - it has a 14-inch screen and an intel core i5 cpu. it has a 1tb hdd disc space and an amd radeon 530 (2 gb) graphics card.
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels,

User - that's incredible!!
System - we simply hope that you are fully delighted with your order.
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels,

User - i sincerely hope so. how much does it cost?
System - the price is 2519 eur. you will be able to save more.
Generated - it will set you back 440 euros.

User - for my personal use, i'd like to purchase a low-cost smartphone.
System - do you have a preferred phone?
Generated - what is your reservation limit?

User - the [laptop_brand] [laptop_model] is the ideal phone for me. it has a battery capacity of [laptop_battery] mah and 4 gb of ram. it also has a 13-megapixel main camera and an 8-megapixel secondary camera.
System - it's a fantastic choice.
Generated - it's an android phone with a _UNK that _UNK the phone was released in may _UNK

User - how much is it going to cost me?
System - it will cost you 250 eur. 
Generated - it will cost you just 210 eur.

User - okay. thank you.
System - you are welcome
Generated - welcome.

--------------------------------------------------------
Dialogue Number - 15

User - hello there. i'd like to ask you a question.
System - hello . please explain why you are concerned. i'd be happy to help you with it.
Generated - hello and good morning. please let me know if you have any specific features in mind.

User - this handset is the one i'm searching for. i'm hoping you'll be able to assist me.
System - i'd like to know which brand and model it belongs to.
Generated - then you should think about this brand or powershot _UNK will you mind for is for you.

User - [smartphone_tablet_brand] is the manufacturer.
System - i'd like to know the model's name.
Generated - yes, we have the models in your _UNK _UNK

User - there's nothing. a passer-by was just talking about it.
System - might i inquire as to whether you are aware of any smartphone features?
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, the display size of _UNK it has a 15.6-inch touchscreen.

User - the colour, the way it feels. it seemed to be fantastic.
System - will it be possible for you to assist us with the colour name?
Generated - will you buy it if the price was right?

User - it was a rose [smartphone_tablet_color] colour. it seemed to be incredible.
System - panasonic eluga ray max in the colour you want is available. take a peek at http://cdn2.gsmarena.com/vv/bigpic/panasonic-eluga-ray-max.jpg for more details.
Generated - okay, i'll it. you should think about the gionee _UNK it will be for you back excellent _UNK

User - is it a decent phone or just attractive?
System - it has a 3000 mah battery and 4 gb ram, as well as a 16-megapixel main camera and an 8-megapixel secondary camera.
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, effective pixels, and a dual sim

User - that's fantastic. i'm hoping it won't be too hard.
System - it is just 165 g in weight. it's a fairly light item. it also has 32 gb of internal capacity.
Generated - it's an android phone with a 15.6-inch that _UNK the phone that was released in 2007 has a 15.6-inch touchscreen.

User - i'm sure it's pricey.
System - it will cost you 170 eur. 
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels, a low resolution of 640 pixels,

User - oh my god. it's like having a fantasy machine. i'm going to buy it.
System - here is your receipt. 
Generated - here is your receipt.

User - my money isn't in my bank account. i guess i'll have to return for this.
System - it's okay. 
Generated - it's okay.

User - thank you for your help
System - you are welcome. 
Generated - you're more than welcome.

--------------------------------------------------------
Dialogue Number - 16

User - hello. i'm new to photography and can't wait to get my hands on a camera.
System - hello. i have a wide variety of items at my disposal. please let me know which style or brand you want.
Generated - hello there. if you have any interests in terms of specifications?

User - is it possible for me to get a canon camera?
System - okay, that's it. this company also has a variety of styles. if you have a specific model in mind, please let us know.
Generated - okay, i'll it. the nikon coolpix models _UNK

User - no, i don't have a particular model in mind, but i'm looking for something good at a reasonable price.
System - i'd like to see how much the budget is.
Generated - okay, so what is the name of the brand?

User - there is no set range, but i'd prefer to keep it as low as possible.
System - is there a particular model that you'd like to begin with?
Generated - is there a particular model that you'd like to begin with?

User - canon powershot is said to be excellent. if you have a style that is close to you?
System - i have canon powershot s70 and s80 cameras, both of which may be excellent choices. 
the s80 has a higher pixel count and resolution than the s70.
Generated - yes, we have a variety of cameras from various brands. it is a fantastic deal.

User - could you tell me what the resolution of both cameras is?
System - and, of course. the resolution of the s70 is 3072x2592, and the s80 is 3264x2592. s80 already has 8 pixels.
Generated - the asus zenfone 3 deluxe 5.5 is the _UNK

User - how much would it cost?
System - both of these cameras have the same price
Generated - it costs 2799 euros.

User - why not invest in the best?
System - that is solely upon your choice whichever you would like to choose. but s80 is available with better resolution and pixels. 
it costs 399 euros.
Generated - if you have any interests in terms of specifications?

User - i will buy s80. book it for me
System - here is your receipt. 
Generated - here is your receipt.

User - thank you for your help.
System - you are welcome. 
Generated - you're more than welcome.

--------------------------------------------------------
Dialogue Number - 17

User - hello and good afternoon. will you able to assist me?
System - hello and good afternoon. please let me know if i can be of assistance to you.
Generated - hello and good morning. what may i do to assist you?

User - can you assist me in purchasing a suitable laptop for my best friend?
System - and, of course. please let me know which style or brand you want.
Generated - what may i do to assist you?

User - at this time, i'm not being very descriptive. so, will you please assist me in making a decision?
System - may you tell me what features you're looking for?
Generated - may you tell me what features you'd want in your phone?

User - a visual artist is a friend of mine. he enjoys making graphics of all kinds.
as a result, i'll need a laptop with decent graphics.
System - i'd like to know which brand you like.
Generated - okay, please let me know if you have any requirements in terms of specifications.

User - i'd like to start with [laptop_brand], but depending on features, i might move to another brand.
System - may you tell me what your budget is?
Generated - okay, i'll you could tell us what specifications you want to see different brands.

User - i'm willing to pay up to 3000 eur.
System - in that scenario, the hp pavilion 15-cs0006nx could be a viable option. it has an intel core i7 processor and a 15.6-inch display. it also uses an nvidia geforce mx150 (4 gb) graphics card. it's the best you'll find.
Generated - in that _UNK _UNK what are your price point is?

User - how about the hard drive space?
System - it has a 128 gb m.2 ssd/1tb hdd for storage.
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, 13 effective pixels, and a pixel camera with an 8 mp main

User - i'd like to see how much it costs.
System - it will cost you at least 3799 eur.
Generated - it costs 400 euros.

User - is there a discount available?
System - you would only have to pay 2979 eur at a reduced rate.
Generated - yes, you will be required _UNK the discounted price is _UNK eur.

User - is it a reliable laptop? in terms of results, what do you mean?
System - it has been rated 3.9 out of 5 stars. 
Generated - the asus zenfone 3 deluxe 5.5 which has a 15.6-inch touchscreen and a lot of ram. it has a 13-megapixel

User - you are right. in addition, i want to purchase a [laptop_brand] [laptop_model] plus.
System - let me tell you more about it. 
Generated - let me tell you more about it.

User - there is no such need. i have researched about it. book it for me.
System - okay. if you are sure. here is your receipt
Generated - okay, your order will you buy it.

User - i am. thank you for your help.
System - you are welcome. 
Generated - you're more than welcome.

--------------------------------------------------------
Dialogue Number - 18

User - hello there. i'd like to purchase a phone. will you able to assist me?
System -  hello. sure, i'm here to assist. do you have a favourite brand?
Generated - hello and good morning. please let me know if you have any specific features in mind.

User - the best phones are vivo's.
System - yes, really. what functions do you like in your phone?
Generated - yes, we have a range of laptops that meet these specifications; do you have any additional requirements?

User - cameras of high quality. i'm a selfie addict.
System - i see what you're doing. is there anything else in your phone that you'd like to have?
Generated - okay, so you should think about this _UNK _UNK is the perfect gift.

User - they aren't on my mind at the moment. my top priority is to purchase a camera.
System - the camera on vivo smartphones is well-known.
Generated - the samsung galaxy tab s3 9.7 has a 4 gb ram and a dual main camera and a secondary camera

User - okay, then show me your most advanced computer.
System - do you have a specific budget in mind?
Generated - do you have a favourite brand?

User - don't worry about it. money isn't a problem.
System - the vivo x7 plus is an excellent handset. it has 16 megapixel cameras on both the main and secondary lenses.
Generated - the asus zenfone 3 deluxe 5.5 is a good choice.

User - what colour do you have it in?
System - it's in gold, and it's really elegant.
Generated - it's available in gold.

User - how much does it cost?
System - it will set you back 180 euros.
Generated - it will set you back 440 euros.

User - oh my god. that is very costly. it's as if the phone isn't [smartphone_tablet_color] in colour, but [smartphone_tablet_color] in itself.
System - ok, the commodity is cost-effective. it has the most advanced camera.
Generated - this model has an internal memory of 32 gb and an 8-megapixel memory of _UNK and a _UNK

User - i have my doubts. is the price justified or not?
System - it has a large 4000 mah battery and 4 gb of ram.
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, a low resolution of _UNK pixels, effective pixels, and a resolution of

User - no, no. that's all right. this is something i'd like to purchase. please make a reservation.
System - and, of course. please allow me a few moments to confirm your reservation.
Generated - it will set you back just 570 euros. and can be fantastic.

User - and, of course. go ahead to do so.
System - booking is done.
Generated - booking is done.

User - thank you for assisting me in selecting the right one.
System - you're more than welcome.
Generated - you're more than welcome.

--------------------------------------------------------
Dialogue Number - 19

User - hello there. could you make a recommendation for me?
System -  hello. and, of course. i will be delighted to make a recommendation. what exactly is it?
Generated - hello and good morning. what may i do to assist you?

User - i'd like to purchase a mobile.
System - what is the name of the brand?
Generated - what are you looking for?

User - i'm looking for a phone with a decent camera.
System - okay, that's it. do you have any additional features in mind?
Generated - okay, is there any other feature you have in mind?

User - yes, i'm an aspiring photographer in mobile.
System - what is your financial plan?
Generated - do you have a favourite brand?

User - approximately [smartphone_tablet_cost] eur.
System - samsung smartphones are available for review.
Generated - the nikon coolpix is the best in the colour that we have.

User - so, what do you think?
System - please consider the samsung galaxy a9 pro (2016), which features a large 5000mah battery and a fast 4 gb ram.
Generated - please check the samsung galaxy a9 pro (2016), which has a 5000mah battery and 4 gb of ram.

User - what are the camera's capabilities?
System - it has a main camera with a resolution of 16 megapixels and a secondary camera with a resolution of 8 megapixels. it weighs about 150 g and has 32 gb of internal memory.
Generated - it has a maximum resolution of _UNK pixels, an effective pixels, and the resolution of 640 pixels, is a 16

User - it's really cool. how much does it cost? isn't it going to be expensive with too many features?
System - it will set you back 500 euros.
Generated - it will set you back just 500 eur.

User - that is, after all, the expenditure cap. it's not terrible.
System - will you buy it if the price was right?
Generated - it is a fantastic phone that costs _UNK the colour you see [laptop_brand] _UNK

User - i'm going to do that. what are the payment options?
System - you have the option of paying with a credit card or cash.
Generated - yes, it has a _UNK _UNK _UNK and a _UNK camera with an 8mp secondary camera.

User - okay, that's it. thank you for your assistance.
System - you're more than welcome.
Generated - you're more than welcome.

--------------------------------------------------------
Dialogue Number - 20

User - hello there. i've come to purchase a laptop. will you able to assist me?
System -  hello. sure, i'm here to assist. what characteristics do you seek in a laptop?
Generated - hello and good morning. please let me know if you have any specific features in mind.

User - i'm pursuing a degree in journalism. i'm currently studying video editing tools, which is why i need the laptop.
System - laptops with graphics cards will assist you in this endeavour.
Generated - laptops with graphics are preferred for the camera?

User - yes, i've also learned that the more ram you have, the better your results.
System - we'll send you the laptop with the most ram we have available.
Generated - we have a lot of phones with similar features. if you have any interests in terms of specifications?

User - no, no. that'd be fantastic.
System - do you have a favourite brand?
Generated - the phone costs just be _UNK to the best products that i have observed so much based on your budget

User - any reputable brand would suffice.
System - we currently have hp 15-da0035nx in store. it's an excellent commodity.
Generated - we have it in [smartphone_tablet_color].

User - [laptop_brand] is in good shape. go ahead to do so. please elaborate on the laptop.
System - it has a 15.6-inch touch screen and an i7 cpu. it also includes a graphics card from intel, the uhd graphics 620.
Generated - this is the most well-known and reliable

User - is it a decent item?
System - yes, we can only provide you with the best.
Generated - yes, it has a maximum resolution of the camera that is the most well-known and a low resolution of _UNK

User - even, i'm looking for reassurance.
System - you can see that the concept has a 3 out of 5 star rating. this one has received nothing but positive feedback.
Generated - okay, it would be fantastic.

User - okay, that's it. may you tell me how much disc space there is? that is still something that is really important to me.
System - the hard drive has a capacity of 1tb. i hope it turns out well for you.
Generated - the phone was released in march of the cost is its _UNK

User - it doesn't work that way. ssd is my preferred choice.
System - only an hdd is included with this product.
Generated - if you have any interests in terms of specifications?

User - i'm not sure if i really want to buy this notebook.
System - let me show you a different product.
Generated - let me show you a different product.

User - no, it's not true. that isn't needed. i'd like to see it from a different perspective, and then i'll get back to you.
System - that is okay. 
Generated - that is okay.

User - thank you for your help.
System - you are welcome. 
Generated - you're more than welcome.

--------------------------------------------------------
